=== PAGE 79 ===
78 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Directors’ Report
The spouse of Mr. Sun Piaoyang (the chairman of the Board and an executive Director) is a controlling shareholder of
Hansoh Pharma. Accordingly, Hansoh Pharma and Jiangsu Hansoh (which is wholly-owned by Hansoh Pharma) are
connected persons of the Company under Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules respectively and the transactions contemplated
under the Licensing Agreement and the Commercialization Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected
transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
Term
The Licensing Agreement is effective from the date of its execution and shall continue for a period of twenty (20) years from
the effective date, unless earlier terminated. The term of the Commercialization Services Framework Agreement is from
December 26, 2025 to December 31, 2027.
Consideration
Pursuant to the Licensing Agreement, Hansoh Pharma is required to pay the Company (i) an upfront payment of RMB30
million; (ii) regulatory milestone payment(s), and a commercial milestone payment associated with the inclusion of the
Licensed Product in the NRDL of up to RMB190 million upon achieving the specified milestones; and (iii) tiered royalty
payments of up to 9% based on net quarterly sales of the Licensed Product, in each case subject to the terms and conditions
of the Licensing Agreement.
The commercialization service fees payable by Chengdu Suncadia under the Commercialization Services Framework
Agreement shall be made on a quarterly basis and shall be determined by multiplying the actual net sales of the Paricalcitol
Soft Capsules by the applicable commercialization service fee rate, which shall be determined separately and set out in
definitive agreements to be entered into between Chengdu Suncadia and Jiangsu Hansoh. The commercialization service
fee rate shall be determined after arm’s length negotiations with reference to, amongst others, the listed drug price of
Paricalcitol Soft Capsules, the expected costs and expenses of conducting the commercialization services, rates charged in
historical transactions of the Group for similar commercialization services.
Annual caps
The proposed annual caps for the consideration payable by Hansoh Pharma to the Company under the Licensing Agreement
and Commercialization Services Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 are nil and nil, respectively.
The actual transaction amounts pursuant to the Licensing Agreement and the Commercialization Services Framework
Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 are nil and nil, respectively.
The Company has complied and will continue to comply with relevant requirements pursuant to Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules in respect of connected transactions, including, among others, conducting an annual review of the continuing
connected transactions. The Company will also adhere strictly to its pricing policies in determining the price and terms of the
continuing connected transactions to be conducted.
For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated December 28, 2025.
Opinion of the Board
The Board (including independent non-executive Directors) has reviewed the continuing connected transactions as described
above and confirmed that in 2025, such transactions have been entered into:
(i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
(ii) on normal commercial terms; and
(iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable
and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

