=== PAGE 49 ===
48 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report
BOARD INDEPENDENCE MECHANISM
The Company acknowledges that Board independence is critical to good corporate governance. To ensure independent
views and inputs are available to the Board, the Company has put in place effective mechanisms in the Company’s corporate
governance framework, which include policies and procedures for the appointment of Directors, review of the Board
composition and assessment of the independence of independent non-executive Directors. The Nomination Committee,
comprising a majority of independent non-executive Directors, assesses the suitability and independence of potential
candidates to be appointed as independent non-executive directors and conducts review of the independence of each
independent non-executive director. Independent professional advice is available to all Directors whenever necessary. During
the period from the Listing Date and up to the date of this report, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness
of these mechanisms and the results were satisfactory.
During the Reporting Period, the Board has met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to
the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least one possessing appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. The Company has also complied with Rule 3.10A
of the Listing Rules, which relates to the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the
Board.
The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect
of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.
APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Each of our Directors has entered into a service contract with our Company for a term of three years or from the date of
taking the position until the expiry of the term of office of the existing Board session. Each Board session shall have a term
of three years.
Directors (except employee representative Directors) shall be elected or replaced at the Shareholder’s meeting and may
be dismissed (including executive Directors) by the Shareholders’ meeting prior to the expiry of the term of their office by
way of an ordinary resolution. The employee representative Director shall be elected by the Company’s employees at the
employee representatives meeting, employee meeting or otherwise democratically. A Director shall serve a term of three
years and may serve consecutive terms if re-elected upon the expiration of their terms in accordance with applicable laws,
rules and regulations.

