=== PAGE 101 ===
100 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
SENIOR MANAGEMENT (OTHER THAN DIRECTORS)
Mr. Zhu Guoxin (朱國新先生), aged 56, is our Senior Vice President. He joined our Group as the Senior Vice President of
our Company in December 2025, and is primarily responsible for early stage R&D management of our Group.
Mr. Zhu possesses over 30 years leadership experience in global multidisciplinary drug discovery, spanning all phases
from target assumption to early clinical trials across multiple therapeutic areas, including diabetes/obesity and related
complications, immunology, neurological disorders, pain, and oncology. Between June 1998 and November 2025, Mr. Zhu
held a number of positions at Eli Lilly and Company (“Eli Lilly”) under various roles, including as the vice president of the
center for research and development of novel drugs, where he led multiple drug discovery and research, as well as early
stage development projects. As chairperson of the small molecule strategy group at Eli Lilly, he supervised the research
and delivery of over 100 clinical small molecule drug candidates. He also served as a core member of the therapeutic area
strategy group at Eli Lilly, contributing to investment portfolios and external research collaboration strategies across multiple
therapeutic modalities (small molecules, peptides, antibodies, and siRNA).
Mr. Zhu received his bachelor’s degree in 1990 at Zhejiang University, his master’s and doctoral degrees at Shanghai
Institute of Organic Chemistry in 1992 and 1995, respectively, and completed postdoctoral research at Pennsylvania State
University.
Mr. Lau Kin Chun (劉健俊先生), aged 48, is our Financial Controller. He was appointed as the Financial Controller of our
Company in November 2021, and is primarily responsible for the overall implementation of financial strategy of our Group.
He joined our Group in June 2021 and served as the deputy general manager in one of our subsidiaries. Prior to that, he
held various positions in KPMG Huazhen LLP, from March 2008 to September 2019 and he was an audit partner of KPMG
Huazhen LLP from October 2019 to May 2021.
Mr. Lau received both his bachelor’s degree of Arts in Accountancy and master of Professional Accounting from Hong
Kong Polytechnic University in Hong Kong in December 1999 and December 2005 respectively. He received his doctoral
degree in Finance from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (上海財經大學) in the PRC in June 2012. He has been
a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) since July 2003, a member of the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) since February 2004 and a member of The Chinese Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (CICPA) since May 2015. He is also a Chartered Financial Analyst of the CFA Institute since September
2013.