=== PAGE 48 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 47
Corporate Governance Report
None of the Directors (including the Chairman of the Board) has any personal relationship (including financial, business,
family or other material/relevant relationship) with any other Directors or the chief executive.
The Directors have agreed to disclose to the Company in a timely manner for any changes of the number and nature of
offices held in public companies or organizations and other significant commitments, as well as the identity of such public
companies or organizations and an indication of the time involved, as required by the Code Provisions.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Board assumes overall leadership responsibility for the Group, providing oversight of its strategic decisions and
monitoring its business operations and performance. The Board retains decision-making authority over all significant matters
of the Company, encompassing the approval and oversight of internal policies and regulations, corporate strategies and
budgets, internal control and risk management frameworks, material transactions (particularly those with potential conflicts
of interest), financial reporting, the appointment of Directors, and other key financial and operational matters. All Directors
have full and timely access to all the information of the Company. Directors are also entitled to obtain independent
professional advice in the discharge of their duties, with costs borne by the Company. Directors are encouraged to engage
with and seek counsel from the Company’s senior management independently.
Our Board has also established the audit, remuneration and evaluation, nomination and strategy committees, to which they
have delegated various responsibilities. These committees operate in accordance with terms of reference established by our
Board.
The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management of the
Company. The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained
from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the management.
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and chief executive
should be clearly established and set out in writing.
Mr. Sun Piaoyang, an executive Director and Chairman of the Board, is responsible for the overall strategic planning,
business development and management of our Group. While no chief executive officer has been appointed by the
Company, the role and responsibilities of the chief executive officer are collectively undertaken by the executive Directors
and core management team members of the Company, including Ms. Feng Ji, an executive Director, General Manager
(President) and Chief Operating Officer, who is primarily responsible for the overall business operations of our Group.
As all major decisions were made in consultation with members of the Board and relevant Board committees, and there
have been four independent non-executive Directors on the Board offering independent advice, the Board is therefore of
the view that the current management structure can effectively facilitate the Group’s operations and there are adequate
safeguards in place to ensure sufficient balance of powers within the Board.
The Board will review the corporate governance structure and practices from time to time and shall make necessary
arrangements when the Board considers appropriate.

