=== PAGE 98 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 97
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Ms. Guo Congzhao (郭叢照女士), aged 53, has been our Director since January 2020. Ms. Guo is primarily responsible
for providing recommendations on the strategic development of our Group. She also serves as a member of the Strategy
Committee.
Ms. Guo joined our Group in January 2020 and has been serving as our Director since then. Prior to joining our Group,
from August 1996 to September 2017, she served in various roles at the Ministry of Finance of PRC. From September 2017,
Ms. Guo served several roles in China National Pharmaceutical Investment Co., Ltd. (中國醫藥投資有限公司), including the
general manager of the equity investment division, the general manager of industrial development division and investment
director, and she has also served as the deputy general manager in charge of daily operations and the finance director of
Sinopharm Private Equity Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (國藥集團私募基金管理(北京)有限公司), and the executive
director of Guoyao Yicai Supply Chain Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (國藥易採供應鏈科技(北京)有限公司). Since November
2025, Ms. Guo has been serving as the director, the general manager and the finance director of Sinopharm Private Equity
Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (國藥集團私募基金管理(北京)有限公司).
Ms. Guo received her bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in Economics from Zhongnan University of Economics (中南財
經大學) (currently known as Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (中南財經政法大學)) in the PRC in July 1993 and
June 1996 respectively.
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Dong Jiahong (董家鴻先生), aged 65, has been our independent non-executive Director since May 2021. Mr. Dong
is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent opinion and judgment to the Board. He also serves as the
chairperson of the Nomination Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Strategy Committee.
Mr. Dong served in the hepatobiliary surgery department of The Southwestern Hospital of the Third Military Medical
University (第三軍醫大學西南醫院) (currently known as The Southwest Hospital of Army Medical University (陸軍軍醫大
學西南醫院)) from January 1986 to December 2007 and the Chinese PLA General Hospital (中國人民解放軍總醫院) from
January 2007 to March 2015. Further, Mr. Dong has been serving various roles at Tsinghua University (清華大學), including
the Dean of the School of Clinical Medical and the president of Beijing Tsinghua Changgung Hospital (北京清華長庚醫院).
Mr. Dong received his bachelor’s degree in medicine from Xuzhou Medical School (徐州醫學院) (currently known as Xuzhou
Medical University (徐州醫科大學)) in the PRC in December 1982. He received his doctoral degree in General Surgery from
the Third Military Medical University of the People’s Liberation Army (解放軍第三軍醫大學) in the PRC in 1993.

