=== PAGE 70 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 69
Directors’ Report
The Board is pleased to submit this report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended
December 31, 2025.
PRINCIPAL BUSINESS
We are a leading innovative global pharmaceutical company rooted in China. We strategically focus on comprehensive
therapeutic areas with significant unmet medical needs and growth potential, including (i) oncology, (ii) metabolic and
cardiovascular diseases, (iii) immunological and respiratory diseases, and (iv) neuroscience. The H Shares of the Company
were listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on May 23, 2025.
Operating segment information of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 is presented in Note 4 to the
consolidated financial statements. Details of the (1) names, (2) places and dates of incorporation/registration and places
of operations, (3) nominal value of issued ordinary/registered share capital, (4) percentage of equity attributable to
the Company, and (5) principal activities of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the financial
statements. There are no substantial changes in the principal business of the Group during the Reporting Period.
RESULTS
The operating results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 and the financial positions of the Company and
the Group as at the same date are set out on pages 108 to 115 of the consolidated financial statements.
DIVIDENDS
Pursuant to the resolutions of the shareholders of the Company dated April 28, 2025, the Company declared final dividends
of RMB2.0 per ten Shares for the year ended December 31, 2024, amounting to a total of approximately RMB1,274.1
million. The distribution of such cash dividend was completed on May 23, 2025.
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board proposed to declare a final dividend of RMB2.0 (inclusive of tax) per
ten Shares to all Shareholders based on the share capital of the Company as of the record date for dividend distribution,
excluding Shares held in the stock repurchase account. Based on the number of Shares entitled to dividends as at March
16, 2026 (being 6,630,412,224 Shares), the aggregate amount of final dividends proposed for distribution is RMB1,326.1
million. In the event of any change in the Company’s total share capital at the record date for dividend distribution,
the Company intends to maintain the distribution ratio per Share unchanged and adjust the total distribution amount
accordingly.
The aforesaid proposed dividend distribution is subject to the consideration and approval at the AGM. If the distribution
proposal is approved at the AGM, it is expected that the final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025 will be paid
to the Shareholders within 2 months after the AGM in accordance with the Articles of Association.
Please refer to the 2025 AGM circular of the Company published on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website for details.
The Company will announce further details regarding other specific matters on dividend distribution (including the record
date, the period for closure of register of members, and the expected payment date for the dividends) upon approval by the
Shareholders at the AGM.
There is no arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends.

