=== PAGE 12 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 11
Management Discussion and Analysis
1. Rapid innovation-to-value conversion, innovative drug sales driving business growth
For the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated RMB16,342.2 million in revenue from sales of our innovative
drugs, representing a year-over-year increase of 26.1% and accounting for 58.3% of our drug sales. Among revenue
from sales of innovative drugs, anti-tumor products contributed RMB13,240.0 million, representing a year-over-year
increase of 18.5% and accounting for 81.0% of our sales of innovative drugs. Innovative drugs included in the NRDL,
such as rezvilutamide (second-generation AR antagonist) and dalpiciclib (CDK4/6 inhibitor), have precisely addressed
unmet clinical needs. The remarkable clinical data of these drugs has been extensively verified in real-world diagnostic
and therapeutic practices, driving robust revenue growth. The earlier-launched innovative drugs such as Fuzuloparib
(PARP inhibitor) and Hetrombopag (TPO receptor agonist) continued to contribute stable incremental revenue growth
to the Company, driven by the ongoing approval of new indications and the gradual accumulation of evidence-based
medical data from post-marketing studies. Although products such as Irinotecan Hydrochloride Liposome (TOP1) and
Trastuzumab rezetecan (HER2 ADC) are in the early stages of commercialization and were not yet included into the
NRDL during the Reporting Period, their distinct therapeutic advantages for specific patient populations, coupled with
efficient pre-launch preparations and market access strategies, have effectively driven rapid sales volume expansion in
the early stages of product commercialization.
Non-oncology product revenue reached RMB3,102.2 million, representing a year-over-year increase of 73.4%,
accounting for 19.0% of our sales of innovative drugs. The products which have been included into the NRDL, such
as Henagliflozin (SGLT-2 inhibitor) and Remimazolam (GABAa receptor agonist), have seen their value progressively
realized through the effective dissemination of their clinical advantages, achieving rapid growth during the Reporting
Period.
Additionally, several of our innovative products are yet to fully unlock their sales potential due to factors such as their
recent market launch and exclusion from the NRDL during the Reporting Period. Going forward, the Company will
continue to pursue a medical expertise and market-driven leadership approach, promote the broader adoption of
new products and accelerate the commercialization of high-quality innovative products, with a view to contributing
stronger growth momentum for the Company in the future.

