=== PAGE 75 ===
74 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Directors’ Report
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
In the Reporting Period, the Group’s largest customer accounted for 25.82% of the Group’s total revenue. The Group’s five
largest customers accounted for 55.7% of the Group’s total revenue.
In the Reporting Period, the Group’s largest supplier accounted for 7.68% of the Group’s total purchase. The Group’s five
largest suppliers accounted for 28.7% of the Group’s total purchase.
None of the Directors or any of their close associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) or any Shareholders (which, to the
best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) has any beneficial interest in
the Group’s five largest suppliers or the Group’s five largest customers.
ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Company’s environmental protection measures mainly include: (i) establishing a standardized, science-based, and
rational environmental management system; (ii) regularly conducting internal and external environmental monitoring and
audit to ensure compliance with applicable environmental standards and mitigate the environmental impact of the Group’s
operations; (iii) implementing effective environmental emergency response plans and on-site management; and (iv) providing
regular training sessions for employees to enhance their environmental awareness.
Our environmental policy also places a strong emphasis on addressing the impacts of climate change. Recognizing the
significant impact that climate change can have on long-term business sustainability, we incorporate climate-related issues
into our governance and decision-making processes. We proactively identify and mitigate climate-related risks, while
tailoring our strategies to enhance our adaptability.
During the Reporting Period, the Company set energy-saving targets for major production plants and strictly assessed
performance, achieving a 100% completion rate of annual energy-saving targets. We conducted targeted energy audits on
manufacturing operating units, effectively identifying and addressing areas for improvement in energy management. The
Company also adopted innovative packaging designs to achieved an annual cost savings on packaging materials of more
than RMB1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.
Moreover, we have integrated ESG into our employee management practices to ensure that our employees contribute to
our sustainability goals. For instance, to effectively manage ESG issues, mitigate risks, and achieve sustainable growth, we
tie executive and managerial compensation to performance metrics related to safety, environment protection, quality, and
compliance.
In recognition of our ESG performance, our MSCI ESG rating, which measures our resilience to long-term, financially
relevant ESG risks, was upgraded from “A” to “AA” during the Reporting Period.
For details on environmental policies and performance, please refer to the “2025 Environmental, Social and Governance
Report” of the Company.
DONATIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations in an aggregate amount of approximately
RMB281.0 million.

