=== PAGE 13 ===
12 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis
2. Globalization of innovative drugs yielded remarkable results, out-licensing emerged as a new
driver for growth
Out-licensing of our innovative drugs has become an established component of the Company’s business operations,
generated revenue of RMB3,392.4 million during the Reporting Period and has become a significant component of
our operating revenue. During the Reporting Period, the Company received (1) upfront out-licensing payments of
US$200.0 million from MSD, US$75.0 million from IDEAYA Biosciences, and EUR15.0 million from Merck KGaA, and
accordingly recognized them as revenue, (2) upfront payments and equity consideration of US$65.0 million from
Braveheart Bio, and accordingly recognized it as revenue, and (3) upfront payment of US$500.0 million from GSK,
and recognized approximately US$100.0 million in revenue based on the progress of fulfillment of performance
obligations, further driving growth in operational performance metrics.
3. Challenges from centralized procurement remain, generic drug revenue declined slightly as high-
quality new products and increased overseas sales offset the impact
Amid the ongoing impact of national and provincial-level centralized procurement, our generic drug business has seen
a decline in revenue from existing products subject to domestic centralized procurement, offset by growth in high-
quality domestic generic products and overseas markets. Domestic revenues from new products such as bupivacaine
liposome achieved modest growth, partially offsetting the decline in centralized procurement. Meanwhile, the first
generic product approved in the U.S., paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound), contributed stable incremental revenue.
Driven by the combined effect of the above factors, overall revenue from generic drugs declined slightly during the
Reporting Period.
MAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
Our Operational Progress
During the Reporting Period, in response to the opportunities and demands of a new phase, the Company remained
committed to prioritizing patient needs, accelerating its R&D and market launch processes of innovative products with
clinical value. We focused on upgrading our commercialization systems to ensure that innovative achievements can
efficiently benefit a large patient population. We vigorously expanded out-licensing collaborations and actively integrated
into the international pharmaceutical innovation system. In addition, we continued to strengthen precise management and
compliant operations, systematically enhancing operational effectiveness to lay a solid foundation for sustainable, high-
quality development.

