=== PAGE 78 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 77
Directors’ Report
CHANGE IN DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INFORMATION
There is no change in the Directors’ and Supervisors’ information which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.
SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
None of the Directors nor Supervisors has entered into any unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation.
DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE AS WELL AS COMPETING BUSINESS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, “Related Party Transactions” and Note 32
to the consolidated financial statements headed “Related Party Transactions” set out in this report, none of the Directors
or Supervisors nor any entity connected with the Directors or Supervisors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly,
in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the Reporting Period.
None of our Directors has any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete with our Group’s business and
would require disclosure under Rules 8.10(2) of the Listing Rules.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of material related party transactions are set out in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements. Save for the
connected transactions as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” under the “Directors’ Report” in this
report, none of such related party transactions constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
(as the case may be) pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Our Company had complied with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
We have entered into agreements for continuing connected transactions with connected persons under the Listing Rules in
the ordinary and usual course of our business and in compliance with the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules. Details of the continuing connected transactions of the Group are set out below.
Licensing Agreement and Commercialization Services Framework Agreement with Hansoh Pharma
As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated December 28, 2025, (i) on December 26, 2025, the Company (as
licensor) entered into the Licensing Agreement with Hansoh Pharma (as licensee), pursuant to which the Company agreed
to grant Hansoh Pharma an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Licensed Product for the
Licensing Field within PRC, and Hansoh agreed to make certain upfront, milestone and royalty payments to the Company;
and (ii) on December 26, 2025, Chengdu Suncadia (a direct non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into the
Commercialization Services Framework Agreement with Jiangsu Hansoh (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hansoh Pharma).
Pursuant to the Commercialization Services Framework Agreement, Jiangsu Hansoh and/or its associates will provide
non-exclusive commercialization services to Chengdu Suncadia for the Paricalcitol Soft Capsules within the PRC in the
treatment of human.

