=== PAGE 94 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 93
Directors’ Report
(2) The grant price was RMB30.95 per Share, being no less than the par value of the Shares and no less than the higher of the following:
(1) 50% of the average trading price of A Shares on the trading day before the announcement of the draft 2025 Employee Stock
Ownership Scheme; or (2) 50% of the average trading price of A Shares on the 120 trading days before the announcement of the
draft 2025 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme. Please refer to the Company’s A Share announcement dated September 16, 2025
for details.
(3) Closing price of the A Shares immediately before the grant date.
(4) The fair value of the Shares as at the grant date. With respect to the accounting standard and policy adopted in determination of
such fair value, please refer to Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.
(5) The units granted to holders under the 2025 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme shall be vested upon fulfilment of certain vesting
conditions of the 2025 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme (including Group level performance appraisal and individual level
performance appraisal of the participants). Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated September 16, 2025 for details.
Upon expiry of the relevant unlocking period, the vested A Shares shall either be sold by the Scheme Management Committee, with
the proceeds to be distributed to the participants proportionately, or transferred to the relevant participant.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Details of the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section of “Corporate
Governance Report” of this report.
AUDITOR
The Company has appointed EY Hua Ming as the Company’s domestic auditor and Ernst & Young as its international
auditor. Since the issuance of H Shares and the listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on May 23
2025, the Company has not changed its international auditor.
Suya Jincheng Certified Public Accountants (Special General Partnership) served as the Company’s domestic auditor for
the year ended December 31, 2023 and was subsequently replaced by EY Hua Ming, which has served as the Company’s
domestic auditor for the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, following an assessment and selection
process conducted pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations. Save as disclosed above, there is no change to the
auditors of the Company for the last three years.
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been audited by Ernst & Young, who and
EY Hua Ming will retire at the conclusion of the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves
for re-appointment. A resolution on the re-appointment of EY Hua Ming as the Company’s domestic auditor and Ernst &
Young as the international auditor of the Company will be proposed at the AGM.
For and on behalf of the Board
Mr. Sun Piaoyang (Chairman of the Board)
March 25, 2026

