

=== PAGE 3 ===
2 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Corporate Information
BOARD OF DIRECTORS STRATEGY COMMITTEE
Mr. Sun Piaoyang (Chairperson)
Executive Directors
Mr. Dai Hongbin
Mr. Sun Piaoyang (Chairman of the Board)
Mr. Zhang Lianshan
Mr. Dai Hongbin (Deputy Chairman of the Board)
Mr. Jiang Frank Ningjun
Ms. Feng Ji (General Manager (President) and
Ms. Guo Congzhao
Chief Operating Officer)
Mr. Dong Jiahong
Mr. Zhang Lianshan (Executive Vice President)
Mr. Jiang Frank Ningjun (Executive Vice President and JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Chief Strategy Officer)
Ms. Liu Xiaohan
Mr. Sun Jieping (Senior Vice President)
Ms. Leung Wing Han Sharon
Non-executive Director
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Ms. Guo Congzhao
Ms. Feng Ji
Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. Leung Wing Han Sharon
Mr. Dong Jiahong
Mr. Zeng Qingsheng REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. Sun Jinyun
No. 38 Huanghe Road
Mr. Chow Kyan Mervyn
Economic and Technological
AUDIT COMMITTEE Development Zone
Lianyungang City
Mr. Zeng Qingsheng (Chairperson)
Jiangsu Province
Mr. Dong Jiahong
PRC
Mr. Sun Jinyun
HEADQUARTERS
REMUNERATION AND EVALUATION
No. 7 Kunlunshan Road
COMMITTEE
Economic and Technological
Mr. Sun Jinyun (Chairperson) Development Zone
Mr. Dai Hongbin Lianyungang City
Mr. Zeng Qingsheng Jiangsu Province
PRC
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Dong Jiahong (Chairperson)
HONG KONG
Mr. Sun Piaoyang
Mr. Sun Jinyun
Room 1920, 19/F
Lee Garden One
33 Hysan Avenue
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong

=== PAGE 4 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 3
Corporate Information
H SHARE REGISTRAR LISTING DATE
Tricor Investor Services Limited Shanghai Stock Exchange
17/F, Far East Finance Centre October 18, 2000
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong Stock Exchange
Hong Kong
May 23, 2025
COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
PRINCIPAL BANKS
Somerley Capital Limited
Bank of China
20/F China Building
Lianyungang Economic and Technological
29 Queen’s Road Central
Development Zone Sub-Branch
Hong Kong
No. 15 Kunlunshan Road
AUDITOR Economic & Technological
Development Zone
Ernst & Young
Lianyungang City
Certified Public Accountants
Jiangsu Province
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
PRC
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road Bank of Communications
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong Lianyungang Branch
No. 45 Huanghe Road
HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
Economic & Technological
Development Zone
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton (Hong Kong)
Lianyungang City
37/F, Hysan Place
Jiangsu Province
500 Hennessy Road
PRC
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong
COMPANY WEBSITE
www.hengrui.com
STOCK OVERVIEW
A Share
Shanghai Stock Exchange
Stock Abbreviation: 恒瑞醫藥
Stock code: 600276
H Share
Hong Kong Stock Exchange
Stock Abbreviation: Hengrui Pharma
Stock code: 1276

=== PAGE 5 ===
4 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Financial Highlights
A summary of the consolidated results and the consolidated assets, liabilities and equity of the Group for the last four
financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements is set out below:
For the year ended December 31,
Consolidated statement of 2025 2024 2023 2022
profit or loss (audited) (audited) (audited) (audited)
(RMB’000) (RMB’000) (RMB’000) (RMB’000)
Revenue 31,629,416 27,984,605 22,819,785 21,275,271
Cost of sales (4,362,656) (3,848,177) (3,525,248) (3,486,639)
Gross profit 27,266,760 24,136,428 19,294,537 17,788,632
Other income and gains 1,472,049 1,174,630 1,033,784 1,371,215
Selling and distribution expenses (9,106,426) (8,336,069) (7,577,176) (7,347,894)
Research and development expenses (6,961,155) (6,582,916) (4,953,887) (4,886,553)
Administrative expenses (3,071,726) (2,815,094) (2,644,551) (2,498,159)
Other expenses (780,385) (380,149) (406,996) (389,262)
Finance costs (14,349) (5,559) (5,905) (6,491)
Share of losses of associates (97,143) (21,581) (72,696) (62,996)
Profit Before Tax 8,707,625 7,169,690 4,667,110 3,968,492
Income tax expenses (990,623) (832,695) (389,289) (153,351)
Profit for the Year 7,717,002 6,336,995 4,277,821 3,815,141
Profit for the year attributable to owners of
the parent 7,711,055 6,336,527 4,302,436 3,906,374
R&D Expenditure 8,723,852 8,227,838 6,150,007 6,345,561
EBITDA (non-IFRS measure) 8,879,057 7,442,791 4,989,809 4,230,219
Final dividend per ten shares (in RMB) 2.0 2.0 2.0 1.6
(proposed)
Earnings per share (in RMB)
Earnings per share - basic 1.19 1.0 0.68 0.61
Earnings per share - diluted 1.18 1.0 0.68 0.61
As at December 31,
Consolidated statement of 2025 2024 2023 2022
financial position (audited) (audited) (audited) (audited)
(RMB’000) (RMB’000) (RMB’000) (RMB’000)
Total Assets 69,867,316 50,135,644 43,784,507 42,370,875
Total Liabilities 8,070,493 4,045,393 2,751,421 3,957,967
Total Equity 61,796,823 46,090,251 41,033,086 38,412,908
Note: Any discrepancies in this table between the total and sums of amounts listed therein are due to rounding.

=== PAGE 8 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 7
Corporate Overview
Note: 1. This is a non-exhaustive list, with data statistics as of the end of the Reporting Period; 2. The clinical stage of each product/product
candidate represents the clinical stage of its most advanced indication(s); 3. The time period for obtaining regulatory pathway designations: 2018 to
the date of this report.
Abbreviations: AA1 = aplastic anemia; AA2 = alopecia areata; AD = atopic dermatitis; AIS = acute ischemic stroke; AS = ankylosing spondylitis; BC =
breast cancer; BTC = biliary tract cancer; CC = cervical cancer; CHB = chronic hepatitis B; cHL = classical Hodgkin lymphoma; CIN = chemotherapy-
induced neutropenia; CINV = chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting; CIT = chemotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia; CKD = chronic kidney
disease; CLD = chronic liver disease; COPD = chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; COH = controlled ovarian hyperstimulation; CRC = colorectal
cancer; CRSwNP = chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps; CSU = chronic spontaneous urticaria; cUTI = complicated urinary tract infection; DED
= dry eye disease; DKD = diabetic kidney disease; EC = esophageal cancer; EGPA = eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis; FTC = fallopian
tube cancer; GAC = gastric cancer; GEJA = gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma; GNB = Gram-negative bacteria; HCC = hepatocellular
carcinoma; HCM = hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; HF = heart failure; HL = hyperlipidemia; HPT = hyperparathyroidism; IBD = inflammatory bowel
disease; IgAN = IgA nephropathy; ILD = interstitial lung disease; IPF = idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis; ITP = immune thrombocytopenia; LC = lung
cancer; mCRPC = metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer; mHSPC = metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer; MM = multiple myeloma;
MRI = magnetic resonance imaging; NCFB = non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis; NHL = non-Hodgkin lymphoma; NPC = nasopharyngeal carcinoma;
Nr-axSpA = non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis; NSCLC = non-small cell lung cancer; OC = ovarian cancer; OSA = obstructive sleep apnea;
PC = prostate cancer; PCOS = polycystic ovary syndrome; PDAC = pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; PN = prurigo nodularis; PNH = paroxysmal
nocturnal hemoglobinuria; PONV = postoperative nausea and vomiting; PPC = primary peritoneal cancer; PsA = psoriatic arthritis; PsO = psoriasis;
RA = rheumatoid arthritis; SCLC = small cell lung cancer; SLE = systemic lupus erythematosus; SpA = spondyloarthritis; SRE = skeletal-related events;
T2D = type 2 diabetes; UC1 = urothelial carcinoma; UC2 = ulcerative colitis; VTE = venous thromboembolism; VVC = vulvovaginal candidiasis.

=== PAGE 9 ===
8 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
The year 2025 marked a significant milestone for Hengrui Pharma. Against the backdrop of profound changes in the global
pharmaceutical landscape – navigating both extraordinary opportunity and intensifying challenge – we have steadfastly
pursued a dual-engine strategy of technological innovation and globalization. We have not only delivered high-quality
growth in our operational performance but also achieved breakthroughs in multiple key areas, laying a solid foundation for
the Company’s long-term growth.
Over the past year, leveraging a well-defined strategy and exceptional execution, we delivered a strong set of results.
The Company’s annual revenue was RMB31,629.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.0%. Net profit
attributable to shareholders of the parent reached RMB7,711.1 million, marking a substantial year-on-year rise of 21.7%.
The improvement across our core financial metrics is a clear reflection of the effectiveness of our innovation-driven
transformation and the continued strengthening of our operational quality.
Our achievements stem from our relentless pursuit of innovation. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s revenue
from innovative drug sales reached RMB16,342.2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.1%. The proportion
of revenue derived from innovative drugs sales as a percentage of total drug sales further rose to 58.3%, firmly establishing
innovative drugs as the primary driver of the Company’s growth. We continued to invest heavily in R&D, with annual R&D
investments reaching RMB8,723.9 million. During the Reporting Period, seven Class 1 innovative drugs were approved
for market launch. To date, the Company has secured approval for 24 Class 1 innovative drugs in China, building an
industry-leading and highly differentiated product portfolio. According to the 2025 pipeline size ranking published by
Citeline, the Company ranked second globally in terms of self-developed drug pipeline. During the Reporting Period,
significant progress was achieved across multiple clinical pipelines. Over the next three years (2026-2028), we expect
approximately 53 innovative products and indications to receive regulatory approvals, continuing to realize the value from
our innovation efforts.
Our vision now spans the global stage. 2025 marked a pivotal year of tangible returns from our globalization strategy,
which has emerged as a significant and growing driver of the Company’s performance. During the Reporting Period, the
Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, establishing a dual “A+H” listing
structure. We closed five overseas business development transactions for innovative drugs during the year, a testament
to the global competitiveness of our R&D capabilities, while delivering meaningful near-term revenue and unlocking
considerable long-term value potential. Meanwhile, we have actively recruited world-class talent, welcoming a number of
seasoned leaders with extensive experience at leading multinational pharmaceutical companies. We are rapidly building our
global organizational capabilities.

=== PAGE 10 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 9
Chairman’s Statement
While actively creating value for shareholders, we consistently uphold a patient-oriented philosophy, committed to ensuring
patients benefit from our innovative achievements. We constantly refine our commercialization system, covering over 25,000
hospitals, 200,000 offline retail pharmacies, and all major online pharmacy platforms across China. Our academic influence
has also reached new heights. By the end of 2025, the Company had approximately 3,200 ongoing post-marketing medical
research projects, covering around 8,000 research centers. Throughout the year, 381 significant research findings were
published in top global journals including The Lancet and JAMA, enabling “Chinese evidence” to contribute to global clinical
practice.
We are at a pivotal moment in Hengrui Pharma’s evolution – one defined by accelerating innovation and global expansion.
Our outstanding performance in 2025 marks the starting point of our new journey. We have a visionary and experienced
management team, a dynamic and innovation-driven R&D organization, and an ambitious yet clearly defined development
roadmap. We look to the future with confidence and conviction, and will continue to advance with a grounded and
pragmatic approach, full enthusiasm, and unwavering execution, to creating healthy lives for humanity and delivering
long-term, stable returns for our shareholders.
I wish to express my deepest and most sincere gratitude to our patients and shareholders for their trust and support, to
every member of our dedicated workforce for their tireless commitment, and to all our partners and friends in the wider
community who have shown such care and encouragement towards Hengrui Pharma.
Mr. Sun Piaoyang
Chairman of the Board

=== PAGE 11 ===
10 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis
INDUSTRY REVIEW
In 2025, the pharmaceutical industry maintained steady growth, driven by the combined forces of technological
advancement and policy guidance. The Chinese government continued to bolster comprehensive support across the entire
value chain of the innovative drug industry. Chinese innovative drugs are gaining strong momentum in going global,
underpinned by the industry’s sustained innovation momentum. Notably, the National Healthcare Security Administration
of the PRC led the development of the first-ever Commercial Health Insurance Catalogue for Innovative Drugs. By
complementing basic medical insurance, this initiative helps establish a multi-tiered medical assurance system, addresses
payment challenges for high-value innovative drugs, and fosters a more robust ecosystem for innovative drugs. However,
the pharmaceutical industry continues to face headwinds, including intensifying market competition, the urgent need to
strengthen original innovation capabilities, pronounced homogeneity in development pipelines, and hurdles in hospital
access for newly launched innovative drugs. These persistent challenges in R&D and commercialization place higher demands
on enterprises to build differentiated innovative pipelines and highly efficient commercialization capabilities. Against this
backdrop, the Company remained committed to its dual-pillar strategy of technological innovation and globalization,
proactively navigating industry changes while driving steady growth in operating performance. Overall, our development
trajectory continues to improve.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded revenue of RMB31,629.4 million, representing a year-over-
year increase of 13.0%. Our profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB7,711.1 million,
representing a year-over-year increase of 21.7%.
The Company continues to accelerate its innovation efforts with sustained high-level R&D investments. During the Reporting
Period, our aggregate R&D investments reached RMB8,723.9 million, including R&D expenses amounting to RMB6,961.2
million.

=== PAGE 12 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 11
Management Discussion and Analysis
1. Rapid innovation-to-value conversion, innovative drug sales driving business growth
For the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated RMB16,342.2 million in revenue from sales of our innovative
drugs, representing a year-over-year increase of 26.1% and accounting for 58.3% of our drug sales. Among revenue
from sales of innovative drugs, anti-tumor products contributed RMB13,240.0 million, representing a year-over-year
increase of 18.5% and accounting for 81.0% of our sales of innovative drugs. Innovative drugs included in the NRDL,
such as rezvilutamide (second-generation AR antagonist) and dalpiciclib (CDK4/6 inhibitor), have precisely addressed
unmet clinical needs. The remarkable clinical data of these drugs has been extensively verified in real-world diagnostic
and therapeutic practices, driving robust revenue growth. The earlier-launched innovative drugs such as Fuzuloparib
(PARP inhibitor) and Hetrombopag (TPO receptor agonist) continued to contribute stable incremental revenue growth
to the Company, driven by the ongoing approval of new indications and the gradual accumulation of evidence-based
medical data from post-marketing studies. Although products such as Irinotecan Hydrochloride Liposome (TOP1) and
Trastuzumab rezetecan (HER2 ADC) are in the early stages of commercialization and were not yet included into the
NRDL during the Reporting Period, their distinct therapeutic advantages for specific patient populations, coupled with
efficient pre-launch preparations and market access strategies, have effectively driven rapid sales volume expansion in
the early stages of product commercialization.
Non-oncology product revenue reached RMB3,102.2 million, representing a year-over-year increase of 73.4%,
accounting for 19.0% of our sales of innovative drugs. The products which have been included into the NRDL, such
as Henagliflozin (SGLT-2 inhibitor) and Remimazolam (GABAa receptor agonist), have seen their value progressively
realized through the effective dissemination of their clinical advantages, achieving rapid growth during the Reporting
Period.
Additionally, several of our innovative products are yet to fully unlock their sales potential due to factors such as their
recent market launch and exclusion from the NRDL during the Reporting Period. Going forward, the Company will
continue to pursue a medical expertise and market-driven leadership approach, promote the broader adoption of
new products and accelerate the commercialization of high-quality innovative products, with a view to contributing
stronger growth momentum for the Company in the future.

=== PAGE 13 ===
12 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis
2. Globalization of innovative drugs yielded remarkable results, out-licensing emerged as a new
driver for growth
Out-licensing of our innovative drugs has become an established component of the Company’s business operations,
generated revenue of RMB3,392.4 million during the Reporting Period and has become a significant component of
our operating revenue. During the Reporting Period, the Company received (1) upfront out-licensing payments of
US$200.0 million from MSD, US$75.0 million from IDEAYA Biosciences, and EUR15.0 million from Merck KGaA, and
accordingly recognized them as revenue, (2) upfront payments and equity consideration of US$65.0 million from
Braveheart Bio, and accordingly recognized it as revenue, and (3) upfront payment of US$500.0 million from GSK,
and recognized approximately US$100.0 million in revenue based on the progress of fulfillment of performance
obligations, further driving growth in operational performance metrics.
3. Challenges from centralized procurement remain, generic drug revenue declined slightly as high-
quality new products and increased overseas sales offset the impact
Amid the ongoing impact of national and provincial-level centralized procurement, our generic drug business has seen
a decline in revenue from existing products subject to domestic centralized procurement, offset by growth in high-
quality domestic generic products and overseas markets. Domestic revenues from new products such as bupivacaine
liposome achieved modest growth, partially offsetting the decline in centralized procurement. Meanwhile, the first
generic product approved in the U.S., paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound), contributed stable incremental revenue.
Driven by the combined effect of the above factors, overall revenue from generic drugs declined slightly during the
Reporting Period.
MAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
Our Operational Progress
During the Reporting Period, in response to the opportunities and demands of a new phase, the Company remained
committed to prioritizing patient needs, accelerating its R&D and market launch processes of innovative products with
clinical value. We focused on upgrading our commercialization systems to ensure that innovative achievements can
efficiently benefit a large patient population. We vigorously expanded out-licensing collaborations and actively integrated
into the international pharmaceutical innovation system. In addition, we continued to strengthen precise management and
compliant operations, systematically enhancing operational effectiveness to lay a solid foundation for sustainable, high-
quality development.

=== PAGE 14 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 13
Management Discussion and Analysis
Research and Development Progress of Our Products During the Reporting Period
Oncology Non-oncology
Progress
Monotherapy
during the Drug
Target /Combination Indication Phase I Phase II Phase III NDA/BLA
Reporting Name/Code
Therapy
Period
Shudi Insulin Insulin Monotherapy Type 2 diabetes mellitus China
Ruzinurad sodium URAT1 Monotherapy Primary gout with hyperuricemia China
Ivarmacitinib JAK1 Monotherapy Mild-to-moderate atopic dermatitis China
(base ointment)
Atropine eye drops M-receptor blocker Monotherapy Delay myopia in children China
Combination Adjuvant therapy for hormone receptor-
Dalpiciclib CDK4/6 China
therapy positive, HER2-negative breast cancer
Adults and children ≥6 years with persistent
Hetrombopag TPO Monotherapy and chronic primary immune China
thrombocytopenia (ITP)
Thrombocytopenia caused by chemotherapy-
Hetrombopag TPO Monotherapy China
based antineoplastic therapy
NDA Ribupatide GLP-1/GIP Monotherapy Overweight or Obesity China
Acce (1 p 5 ta ) nce T R ra e s z tu e z te u c m a a n b HER2 Monotherapy Second-lin p e o a s n it d iv a e b b o r v e e a s tr t e c a a tm nc e e n r t of HER2- China
Combination Perioperative treatment of surgically
Adebrelimab PD-L1 therapy resectable non-small cell lung cancer China
SHR7280 GnRH Monotherapy Assisted reproduction China
Combination
Camrelizumab PD-1 therapy China
First-line treatment of recurrent or metastatic
Various kinases
Combination cervical cancer
Famitinib such as VEGFR, therapy China
FGFR, c-kit
First-line treatment of metastatic castration-
Combination
Fuzuloparib PARP1/2 therapy resistant prostate cancer with DNA repair China
gene defect positivity (DRD+)
Ivarmacitinib JAK1 Monotherapy Non-Radiographically axial spondyloarthritis China
Remimazolam GABAa Monotherapy ICU sedation China
HRS-7535 GLP-1 (oral) Monotherapy Overweight or obesity China
Obstructive sleep apnea with obesity China
Entered GLP-1/GIP Type 2 diabetes mellitus (poor control with
Phase III Ribupatide (injection) Monotherapy basal insulin) China
(28) Adult obesity China
Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis China
SHR-1905 TSLP Monotherapy
Asthma China

=== PAGE 15 ===
14 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis
Progress
Monotherapy
during the Drug
Target /Combination Indication Phase I Phase II Phase III NDA/BLA
Reporting Name/Code
Therapy
Period
HRS-1893 Myosin Monotherapy Obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy China
HRS-5965 Factor B Monotherapy IgA nephropathy China
SHR-1819 IL-4R Monotherapy Adolescent atopic dermatitis China
Vunakizumab IL-17A Monotherapy Non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis China
Prevention of venous thromboembolism after
SHR-2004 FXI Monotherapy Knee Arthroplasty China
SHR-1918 ANGPTL3 Monotherapy Mixed hyperlipidemia China
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of
Gadolinium contrast
HRS-9231 agent Monotherapy systemic lesions outside China
the central nervous system (CNS) in adults
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of
Gadolinium contrast
HRS-9231 agent Monotherapy central nervous system (CNS) lesions in China
adults
HER2-expressing platinum-resistant ovarian
cancer China
Monotherapy Neoadjuvant therapy for treatment-naïve
early-stage or locally advanced HER2- China
Trastuzumab positive breast cancer
HER2 ADC
Entered Rezetecan PD-L1-positive locally recurrent unresectable
Phase III Combination or metastatic triple-negative breast cancer China
(28) therapy Unresectable locally advanced or metastatic,
treatment-naïve gastric or gastroesophageal China
junction adenocarcinoma
Combination Relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell
SHR-A1912 CD79b ADC therapy lymphoma China
Locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer
HRS-8080 SERD Monotherapy after endocrine therapy China
PSMA-positive progressive metastatic
HRS-4357 PSMA Monotherapy castration-resistant prostate cancer China
Combination First-line treatment of advanced or metastatic
HRS-4642 KRAS G12D China
therapy pancreatic cancer with KRAS G12D mutation
First-line treatment of locally advanced or
SHR-A2009 HER3 ADC Combination metastatic non-small cell lung cancer with China
therapy
EGFR mutation
Combination
Adebrelimab PD-L1 therapy Locally advanced cervical cancer China
Combination Metastatic hormone-sensitive prostate cancer
Rezvilutamide AR therapy with low tumor load China
Combination First-line treatment of PD-L1 negative,
China
therapy EGFR/ALKwt non-small cell lung cancer
SHR-8068 CTLA4
Combination First-line treatment of advanced biliary tract
therapy carcinoma China
Irinotecan Combination First-line treatment of advanced pancreatic
liposome TOP1 therapy cancer China

=== PAGE 16 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 15
Management Discussion and Analysis
Progress
Monotherapy
during the Drug
Target /Combination Indication Phase I Phase II Phase III NDA/BLA
Reporting Name/Code
Therapy
Period
Obesity with cardiac failure with preserved
HRS-7535 GLP-1 Monotherapy ejection fraction China
Ribupatide GLP-1/GIP tablet Monotherapy Obesity China
HRS-5346 Lp(a) Monotherapy Lipoprotein disorder China
Monotherapy Pediatric/adolescent atopic dermatitis China
SHR-1819 IL-4Rα
Monotherapy Seasonal allergic rhinitis China
Monotherapy
Non-segmental vitiligo China
(alkaline gel)
Ivarmacitinib JAK1 Alone/in
combination with Non-segmental vitiligo China
alkaline gel
Plaque psoriasis China
SHR-1139 - Monotherapy
Ulcerative colitis China
Plaque psoriasis China
Entered RSS0393 - Monotherapy
Phase II Atopic dermatitis China
(61) RSS0343 - Monotherapy Non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis China
Remimazolam General anesthesia and sedation for surgery
tosilate GABAa Monotherapy in children and adolescents China
Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis/progressive
HRS-9813 - Monotherapy China
pulmonary fibrosis
HRS-7085 - Monotherapy Inflammatory bowel disease China
SHR-1905 - Monotherapy Atopic dermatitis China
SHR-2173 - Monotherapy Lupus nephritis / Systemic lupus China
erythematosus
SHR-2173 - Monotherapy Membranous nephropathy China
SHR-3045 - Monotherapy Rheumatoid arthritis China
HRS-2129 - Monotherapy Postoperative analgesia for orthopedic China
surgery
HRS-2129 - Monotherapy Postoperative analgesia for abdominal China
surgery
HRS-7450 - Monotherapy Acute ischemic stroke China

=== PAGE 17 ===
16 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis
Progress
Monotherapy/
during the Drug
Target Combination Indication Phase I Phase II Phase III NDA/BLA
Reporting Name/Code
Therapy
Period
Skeletal muscle relaxation during tracheal
HRS-9190 - Monotherapy intubation in the induction phase of general China
anesthesia
Hyperlipidemia (hypercholesterolemia and
HRS-1301 - Monotherapy mixed hyperlipidemia) China
Cardiac failure with preserved ejection
HRS-1893 Myosin Monotherapy fraction China
HRS-5632 - Monotherapy Lipoprotein disorder China
- Monotherapy Severe hypertriglyceridemia with high risk of China
acute pancreatitis
HRS-7249
- Monotherapy Hyperlipemia China
HRS-9057 - Monotherapy Fluid retention due to cardiac failure China
HRS-9563 - Monotherapy Mild to moderate hypertension China
Severe hypertriglyceridemia with high risk of
SHR-1918 ANGPTL3 Monotherapy China
acute pancreatitis
HRS-8427 Cefiderocol Monotherapy Hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia and China
Entered derivatives ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia
Phase II SHR-4597 - Monotherapy Asthma China
(61)
SHR-1905 TSLP Monotherapy Adolescent asthma China
Perioperative period of resectable non-small
cell lung cancer China
Recurrent/metastatic head and neck
Combination squamous cell carcinoma China
SHR-A2102 Nectin-4 ADC
therapy Perioperative period of non–muscle-invasive
bladder cancer China
Advanced non-small cell lung cancer China
Combination
SHR-1826 c-Met ADC therapy Advanced non-small cell lung cancer China
Combination
SHR-4849 DLL3 ADC therapy Advanced malignant solid tumors China
Bone metastases from solid tumors (for
SHR-2017 - Monotherapy relief of bone pain and delay or prevention of China
skeletal-related events)
Solid tumors China
Combination
HRS-7058 KRAS G12C
therapy
Colon cancer China

=== PAGE 18 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 17
Management Discussion and Analysis
Progress
Monotherapy
during the Drug
Target /Combination Indication Phase I Phase II Phase III NDA/BLA
Reporting Name/Code
Therapy
Period
HER2-positive locally advanced or metastatic
biliary tract cancer China
Trastuzumab Combination HER2-expressing platinum-sensitive ovarian
Rezetecan HER2 ADC therapy cancer China
Recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer China
HRS-1738 - Monotherapy Prostate cancer China
Combination
HRS-4642 KRAS G12D therapy Advanced pancreatic cancer China
Combination
HRS-6209 CDK4 therapy HR+/HER2-breast cancer China
Combination
SHR-1501 IL-15 therapy Locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors China
Advanced gastric carcinoma or
Combination gastroesophagealjunction cancer China
Zeprumetostat EZH2
therapy
Entered Non-small cell lung cancer China
Phase II Combination
(61) SHR-7787 - therapy Malignant solid tumors China
Combination
SHR-8068 CTLA-4 therapy Colorectal cancer China
Combination
SHR-8068 CTLA-4 Advanced renal cancer China
therapy
Combination
SHR-9839 (sc) - Solid tumors China
therapy
Perioperative period of resectable gastric
Combination
Adebrelimab PD-L1 carcinoma or gastroesophagealjunction China
therapy
cancer
Combination
Rezvilutamide AR Metastatic prostate cancer China
therapy
Monotherapy Advanced malignant solid tumors China
Combination
HRS-4508 - therapy Non-small cell lung cancer China
Combination
Breast cancer China
therapy
SHR-3792 - Monotherapy Advanced malignant solid tumors China
SHR-9803 - Monotherapy Advanced malignant solid tumors China
First Entry
into Phase I SHR-4712 - Monotherapy Advanced malignant tumors China
(28)
HRS-1738 - Monotherapy Prostate cancer PET/CT imaging China
HRS-6213 - Monotherapy Solid tumor diagnosis China

=== PAGE 19 ===
18 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis
Progress
Monotherapy/
during the Drug
Target Combination Indication Phase I Phase II Phase III NDA/BLA
Reporting Name/Code
Therapy
Period
HRS-6719 - Monotherapy Advanced malignant solid tumors China
SHR-4394 - Monotherapy Prostate cancer China
HRS-3802 - Monotherapy Advanced malignant solid tumors China
SHR-4375 - Monotherapy Advanced malignant solid tumors China
HRS-6768 - Monotherapy Advanced malignant solid tumors China
SHR-4610 - Monotherapy Advanced solid tumors China
SHR-4298 - Monotherapy Advanced solid tumors China
Advanced solid tumors with RAS mutation or
HRS-2329 - Monotherapy China
amplification
SHR-7782 - Monotherapy Advanced solid tumors China
HRS-6093 - Monotherapy Advanced solid tumors China
Advanced solid tumors with RAS mutation or
HRS-7172 - Monotherapy China
First Entry amplification
into Phase I SHR-4506 - Monotherapy Hematologic malignancies and advanced China
solid tumors
(28)
SHR-4658 - Monotherapy Cardiac failure China
HRS-8829 - Monotherapy Acute ischemic stroke China
HRS-6257 - Monotherapy Pain management China
SHR-2906 - Monotherapy Overweight/obesity China
HRS-3095 - Monotherapy Chronic spontaneous urticaria China
Antagonism of neuromuscular blockade
HRS-2162 - Monotherapy China
induced by rocuronium and cisatracurium
HRS-5817 - Monotherapy Overweight/obesity China
HRS-1301 - Monotherapy Hyperlipemia China
SHR-3045 - Monotherapy Rheumatoid arthritis China
HRS-4029 - Monotherapy Acute ischemic stroke China
HRS-9190 - Monotherapy Skeletal muscle relaxation for induction and China
maintenance of general anesthesia

=== PAGE 20 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 19
Management Discussion and Analysis
Research and Development
Technology Platforms
During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to enhance its sophisticated technology platforms for ADCs, bi/
multi-specific antibodies, protein degraders, small nucleic acid drugs, and oral peptides. The Company has also achieved
preliminary progress in building a platform for new molecular modalities and is actively expanding into the realm of AI-
driven drug R&D platforms. Furthermore, the Company has established the “Hengrui-LingShu” platform and bioinformatics
platform to streamline various aspects of its R&D process, including drug discovery, molecular design, drug property
prediction and optimization. Supported by these new technology platforms and the dedication of its R&D team, the
Company has continuously yielded differentiated and innovatively competitive products.
R&D Progress
During the Reporting Period, 28 self-developed innovative molecules from the Company first reached clinical stage,
comprising small-molecule chemical drugs, antibodies and ADCs spanning multiple therapeutic areas including oncology,
autoimmune diseases, metabolism, and cardiovascular diseases. While maintaining its strong focus on oncology, the
Company’s R&D system has strategically diversified its pipeline to include chronic disease treatments. Concurrently, the
Company continues to optimize, upgrade, and innovate its existing product portfolio to strengthen its foundation for
sustainable growth. The Company’s ADC platform has successfully advanced over 10 novel and differentiated ADC
molecules into clinical trials, amongst which, the SHR-A1811 (HER2 ADC) was included in the list of breakthrough
therapeutic drugs by the CDE for ten indications.
The Company accelerated clinical trials of innovative drug candidates, with 14 products or indications approved for
marketing and advancements across multiple R&D pipelines, During the Reporting Period, the Group obtained marketing
approvals for seven Class 1 innovative drugs, including: recaticimab for injection, ivarmacitinib sulfate tablets, retagliptin
phosphate and metformin hydrochloride tablets (I)/(II), trastuzumab rezetecan for injection, famitinib malate capsules,
fosrolapitant and palonosetron hydrochloride for injection, and Zemidostat tablets; obtained marketing approval for one
Class 2 innovative drug, namely Henagliflozin Proline, Retagliptin Phosphate and Metformin Hydrochloride Sustained-
release Tablets (I)(II). In addition, six new indications of marketed innovative drugs were approved for marketing, including:
ivarmacitinib sulfate tablets for three additional indications (rheumatoid arthritis, atopic dermatitis, and alopecia areata),
camrelizumab for injections for one additional indication (in combination with famitinib for second-line cervical cancer
treatment), Vunakizumab Injection for one additional indication (ankylosing spondylitis), and tegileridine fumarate
injection for one additional indication (moderate-to-severe pain after orthopedic surgery). During the Reporting Period,
the Company’s R&D pipeline demonstrated progress: 15 marketing applications were accepted by the NMPA, 28 clinical
studies advanced to Phase III clinical trials, 61 clinical studies progressed to Phase II clinical trials, and 28 innovative products
first advanced to Phase I clinical trials. For details of our product pipeline, please refer to the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis – Major Achievements During the Reporting Period – Research and Development Progress of Our
Products During the Reporting Period” of this report.
During the Reporting Period, the Company steadily advanced international clinical trials of its innovative drugs, with
multiple innovative drugs having commenced their first overseas clinical trials spanning Phase I through Phase III, and made
steady progress in its marketing authorization applications (“MAA”) for multiple products in the European Union. The
resubmission of the BLA for camrelizumab in the United States has been completed and accepted for review. The orphan
drug designation of trastuzumab rezetecan (SHR-A1811) in combination with adebrelimab (SHR-1316) for the treatment of

=== PAGE 21 ===
20 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis
gastric cancer or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma has been granted by the U.S. FDA. In the future, the Company
will continue to expand its global R&D footprint and enrich its innovative product pipeline through multiple approaches,
including in-house R&D programs, strategic collaborations and targeted in-licensing arrangements.
The Company has made orderly progress in product registration and regulatory filings. During the Reporting Period, the
Company obtained 14 manufacturing authorizations for innovative drug formulations and six manufacturing authorizations
for generic drug formulations. In addition, the Company secured 180 drug clinical trial approvals, received eight CDE
breakthrough therapy designations, two priority review designations and one orphan drug designation granted by the FDA.
The Company has maintained an uninterrupted 15-year record of presenting major clinical research studies at the annual
meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (“ASCO”). In 2025, the Company achieved notable recognition
with a total of 72 selected studies. These selected studies comprised four oral reports, five presentations at the rapid oral
abstract session, 27 poster presentations, and 36 online publications. The research presentations covered more than 10
oncology treatment fields. At the 2025 European Society for Medical Oncology (“ESMO”) Congress, a total of 46 of the
Company’s oncology research studies were selected, including four late-breaking abstracts and involving 14 innovative
drugs. Specifically, the selections comprised nine oral presentations, two mini oral presentations, 32 poster presentations,
and three e-posters, covering over 10 therapeutic areas in oncology.
These achievements fully underscore the Company’s academic standing and robust R&D capabilities in the global oncology
arena, systematically showcasing its innovation layout in oncology characterized by broad coverage of cancer types and
diverse mechanisms of action.
Intellectual Property
The Company has continued to maintain and streamline its patent applications. During the Reporting Period, the Company
filed 459 new patent applications in the Greater China region, 106 new PCT applications internationally, whilst obtaining
76 issued patents in the Greater China region and 209 issued patents in other jurisdictions. As of the end of the Reporting
Period, the Company owned 986 issued invention patents granted in the Greater China region and 1,021 issued patents
across overseas markets such as Europe, the U.S. and Japan. These patents provide comprehensive, long-lifecycle intellectual
property protection for our products, covering novel drug compounds, protein molecular structures, preparation methods,
therapeutic applications and formulation technologies.
R&D Publications
The Company remains committed to exploring innovative therapeutic solutions, demonstrating the clinical value of “China-
originated drugs” to the world. During the Reporting Period, 381 major research studies related to the Company’s products
gained international recognition. These research studies were successively published in world-leading scientific journals,
including CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians, The Lancet, The Journal of the American Medical Association (“JAMA”),
Annals of Oncology, Nature Medicine, Cancer Cell, Journal of Clinical Oncology, The Lancet Oncology, and The Lancet
Gastroenterology & Hepatology, etc., with a cumulative impact factor of 3,159 points, including 18 high-impact research
papers (impact factor ≥30 in oncology or ≥20 in non-oncology fields ). This has reflected the Company’s expanding global
academic influence, as the Company’s compelling clinical data from innovative drugs increasingly meet the rigorous
standards of authoritative international scientific journals.

=== PAGE 45 ===
44 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis
Treatme
No. nt Product Name/Code Target Indication
Field
Projects Expected to be Launched in 2028 (19)
Extended adjuvant therapy for HER2-
1 Oncology Pyrotinib maleate EGFR/HER2/HER4
positive breast cancer
2 Oncology SHR-A2009 HER3 ADC Non-small cell lung cancer
First-line treatment of HER2-positive
3 Oncology Trastuzumab Rezetecan HER2 ADC
breast cancer
Adjuvant therapy for HER2-positive
4 Oncology Trastuzumab Rezetecan HER2 ADC
breast cancer
5 Oncology SHR-A2102 Nectin-4 ADC Urothelial carcinoma
6 Oncology Adebrelimab PD-L1 Small cell lung cancer
7 Oncology HRS-8080 SERD Breast cancer
8 Oncology SHR-8068 CTLA-4 Hepatocellular carcinoma
Non- Thrombocytopenia in chronic liver
9 Hetrombopag TPO-R
oncology disease undergoing invasive surgery
Non- Type 2 diabetes mellitus (in
10 Ribupatide (HRS9531) GLP-1/GIP
oncology combination with basal insulin)
Non-
11 Ribupatide (HRS9531) GLP-1/GIP Obstructive sleep apnea
oncology
Non-
12 Ribupatide (HRS9531) GLP-1/GIP Adult obesity
oncology
For magnetic resonance imaging
Non-
13 HRS-9231 Gadolinium contrast agent examination of various parts of the
oncology
body
Non-
14 Vunakizumab IL-17A Psoriatic arthritis
oncology
Non- Obstructive hypertrophic
15 HRS-1893 Myosin
oncology cardiomyopathy
Non-
16 HRS-7535 GLP-1 Overweight or obesity
oncology
Non-
17 HRS-7535 GLP-1 Type 2 diabetes mellitus
oncology
Non-
18 SHR-1819 IL-4R Atopic dermatitis
oncology
Non-
19 Ivarmacitinib sulfate tablets JAK1 Psoriatic arthritis
oncology
* Products and indications approved for marketing in 2026.
Note:
The information disclosed by the Company regarding innovative products and indications anticipated to receive marketing approval over the
next three years is based on current R&D progress and industry experience. Actual outcomes may differ from projections due to multiple factors,
including clinical trial timelines and regulatory approval policies, and are therefore subject to uncertainty. Such projections do not constitute
substantive commitments by the Company to investors. Final results shall be subject to the Company’s formal announcements. Investors are advised
to be mindful of investment risks.
With respect to operational management, the Company will continue to enhance its outstanding operational system,
optimize resource allocation, and accelerate the processes of digitalization and informatization to comprehensively improve
management efficiency. On the manufacturing end, the Company will strictly uphold the baseline of quality compliance
and deeply promote lean manufacturing as well as cost reduction and efficiency enhancement. Meanwhile, the Company
will focus on high-quality talent acquisition, strengthen the training of management personnel, and refine the performance
assessment mechanism to continuously stimulate organizational vitality.

=== PAGE 46 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 45
Corporate Governance Report
The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report contained in the Company’s annual report for the year
ended December 31, 2025.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards, with an aim to uphold the highest standards
of integrity and ethical conduct to foster a clean and transparent business environment, and to safeguard the Company’s
sound and sustainable development. Our corporate governance framework is designed to facilitate sound decision-
making through systems and policies aligned with our corporate values and best industry practice. We have established
four specialized board committees – the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee, the Nomination
Committee and the Strategy Committee – each providing strategic guidance to our Board.
The Company is also continuously improving its corporate governance structure, and optimizing its internal management
and controls as well as its business operations to enhance overall corporate governance standards. The corporate
governance practices adopted by the Company are based on the principles and Code Provisions as set out in the CG Code
and the Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance.
The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to
safeguard the interests of Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Board is of the view that
the Company has complied with all the Code Provisions as set out in Part 2 of the CG Code since the Listing Date and
up to December 31, 2025, and will periodically review and enhance its corporate governance practices to ensure that the
Company continues to meet the requirements of the CG Code.
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, and in this regard,
the Board has performed the following duties during the Reporting Period:
(a) developed and reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;
(b) reviewed and monitored the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
management of the Company;
(c) reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements;
(d) reviewed and monitored code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to the Directors and
employees of the Company; and
(e) reviewed the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

=== PAGE 47 ===
46 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report
COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has devised its own code of conduct regarding Directors’ dealings in the Company’s securities (the “Code
of Conduct”) on terms no less exacting than the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Having made
specific enquiry of the Directors, all the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the standards for securities
transactions by directors as set out in the Code of Conduct since the Listing Date and up to December 31, 2025.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board possesses a balanced mix of skills, experience and perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s
business. The Board comprises six executive Directors, one non-executive Director and four independent non-executive
Directors, ensuring that a strong independent element exists on the Board to facilitate the effective exercise of independent
judgement.
Since the Listing Date and at the date of this report, the Board comprises 11 Directors, consisting of six executive Directors,
one non-executive Director, and four independent non-executive Directors.
Position Name
Executive Directors Mr. Sun Piaoyang (Chairman of the Board)
Mr. Dai Hongbin (Deputy Chairman of the Board)
Ms. Feng Ji (General Manager (President) and Chief Operating Officer)
Mr. Zhang Lianshan (Executive Vice President)
Mr. Jiang Frank Ningjun (Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer)
Mr. Sun Jieping (Senior Vice President)
Non-executive Director Ms. Guo Congzhao
Independent Non-executive Directors Mr. Dong Jiahong
Mr. Zeng Qingsheng
Mr. Sun Jinyun
Mr. Chow Kyan Mervyn
The biographical information of each Director is set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management” under this report. All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought
a wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and expertise to the Board for its efficient and effective
functioning. Independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the audit, remuneration and evaluation,
nomination and strategy committees.
Each of our Directors confirms that he or she (i) has obtained the legal advice referred to under Rule 3.09D of the Listing
Rules in December 2024 (for all the Directors except Ms. Feng Ji) and April 2025 (for Ms. Feng Ji), and (ii) understands his or
her obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the Listing Rules.

=== PAGE 48 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 47
Corporate Governance Report
None of the Directors (including the Chairman of the Board) has any personal relationship (including financial, business,
family or other material/relevant relationship) with any other Directors or the chief executive.
The Directors have agreed to disclose to the Company in a timely manner for any changes of the number and nature of
offices held in public companies or organizations and other significant commitments, as well as the identity of such public
companies or organizations and an indication of the time involved, as required by the Code Provisions.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Board assumes overall leadership responsibility for the Group, providing oversight of its strategic decisions and
monitoring its business operations and performance. The Board retains decision-making authority over all significant matters
of the Company, encompassing the approval and oversight of internal policies and regulations, corporate strategies and
budgets, internal control and risk management frameworks, material transactions (particularly those with potential conflicts
of interest), financial reporting, the appointment of Directors, and other key financial and operational matters. All Directors
have full and timely access to all the information of the Company. Directors are also entitled to obtain independent
professional advice in the discharge of their duties, with costs borne by the Company. Directors are encouraged to engage
with and seek counsel from the Company’s senior management independently.
Our Board has also established the audit, remuneration and evaluation, nomination and strategy committees, to which they
have delegated various responsibilities. These committees operate in accordance with terms of reference established by our
Board.
The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management of the
Company. The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained
from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the management.
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and chief executive
should be clearly established and set out in writing.
Mr. Sun Piaoyang, an executive Director and Chairman of the Board, is responsible for the overall strategic planning,
business development and management of our Group. While no chief executive officer has been appointed by the
Company, the role and responsibilities of the chief executive officer are collectively undertaken by the executive Directors
and core management team members of the Company, including Ms. Feng Ji, an executive Director, General Manager
(President) and Chief Operating Officer, who is primarily responsible for the overall business operations of our Group.
As all major decisions were made in consultation with members of the Board and relevant Board committees, and there
have been four independent non-executive Directors on the Board offering independent advice, the Board is therefore of
the view that the current management structure can effectively facilitate the Group’s operations and there are adequate
safeguards in place to ensure sufficient balance of powers within the Board.
The Board will review the corporate governance structure and practices from time to time and shall make necessary
arrangements when the Board considers appropriate.

=== PAGE 49 ===
48 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report
BOARD INDEPENDENCE MECHANISM
The Company acknowledges that Board independence is critical to good corporate governance. To ensure independent
views and inputs are available to the Board, the Company has put in place effective mechanisms in the Company’s corporate
governance framework, which include policies and procedures for the appointment of Directors, review of the Board
composition and assessment of the independence of independent non-executive Directors. The Nomination Committee,
comprising a majority of independent non-executive Directors, assesses the suitability and independence of potential
candidates to be appointed as independent non-executive directors and conducts review of the independence of each
independent non-executive director. Independent professional advice is available to all Directors whenever necessary. During
the period from the Listing Date and up to the date of this report, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness
of these mechanisms and the results were satisfactory.
During the Reporting Period, the Board has met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules relating to
the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least one possessing appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. The Company has also complied with Rule 3.10A
of the Listing Rules, which relates to the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the
Board.
The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect
of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.
APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Each of our Directors has entered into a service contract with our Company for a term of three years or from the date of
taking the position until the expiry of the term of office of the existing Board session. Each Board session shall have a term
of three years.
Directors (except employee representative Directors) shall be elected or replaced at the Shareholder’s meeting and may
be dismissed (including executive Directors) by the Shareholders’ meeting prior to the expiry of the term of their office by
way of an ordinary resolution. The employee representative Director shall be elected by the Company’s employees at the
employee representatives meeting, employee meeting or otherwise democratically. A Director shall serve a term of three
years and may serve consecutive terms if re-elected upon the expiration of their terms in accordance with applicable laws,
rules and regulations.

=== PAGE 50 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 49
Corporate Governance Report
The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles of Association.
The Nomination Committee is responsible for formulating the criteria, procedures and methods for selection of Directors,
identifying suitable Director candidates, and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment
of Directors and succession planning for Directors. Where a re-election fails to be carried out in a timely manner upon the
expiry of the term of office of a Director, such Director shall continue to perform his/her duties as a Director until a re-
elected Director takes office in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and the Articles of
Association.
Senior management officers may serve concurrently as Directors, provided that the total number of such Directors who
concurrently serve as senior management personnel and the employee representatives shall not exceed a half of the total
number of the Directors of the Company.
GENERAL MEETINGS, BOARD MEETINGS AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS
There are two types of general meetings: annual Shareholders’ meetings and extraordinary Shareholders’ meetings. A
general meeting shall be convened by the Board. The annual Shareholders’ meeting shall be convened once a year, and be
held within six months after the end of the previous fiscal year. The Board shall inform each Shareholder of the time, place
and the agenda of the meeting 21 days prior to the convening of an annual Shareholders’ meetings, and shall inform each
Shareholder of the meeting 15 days prior to the convening of an extraordinary Shareholders’ meeting.
The Company convenes Board meetings regularly, at least at quarterly intervals in accordance with Code Provision C.5.1 of
the CG Code. For regular Board meetings, the Company has put in place arrangements to ensure that all Directors are given
an opportunity to include matters in the agenda, and written notice of at least 14 days are provided to give all Directors an
opportunity to attend. For other Board meetings and Board committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given by the
Company.
The agenda and accompanying Board papers are dispatched to all Directors at least three days prior to the intended date
of any regular Board meeting or Board committee meeting, and within a reasonable time prior to the date of any intended
extraordinary Board meeting or Board committee meeting, so as to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review
the papers and be adequately prepared for the meetings. When Directors or committee members are unable to attend a
meeting, they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to the
Chairman prior to the meeting.
Minutes of Board meetings and Board committee meetings are maintained by our company secretary and are open
for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by all Directors. Minutes of the Board meetings and Board
committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail on the matters considered by the Board and the Board committees
and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views expressed. Draft and final
signed versions of these meeting minutes will be sent to all Directors for their comments and records respectively, within a
reasonable time after the Board meeting is held.

=== PAGE 69 ===
68 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report
General
During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained active and open communication with its investors through a variety
of engagement channels. The Company engaged with investors through the Shanghai Stock Exchange e-Interaction
Network Platform, results briefings, email correspondence, investor telephone calls, and investor exchange meetings,
ensuring that shareholders and the investment community had timely access to information and adequate opportunities to
engage with the Company’s management. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s information disclosure work was
awarded Grade A (the highest grade) for information disclosure by the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
For enquiries about corporate governance or other matters to be put to the Board and the Company, the Company will not
normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries unless it is any report or concerns raised about any possible improprieties
in any matter related to the Company.
Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company, for the attention of the Board by email or by post as set out in the
section headed “Contact Details”. Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s H
Share Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, by sending an email to is-enquiries@vistra.com or calling its hotline at +852
2980 1333, or go in person to its public counter at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong.
The Board has conducted a review of the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy.
Having considered the diverse channels of communication in place, the Board is satisfied that an effective Shareholders’
communication policy has been properly implemented from the Listing Date to the date of this report.

=== PAGE 70 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 69
Directors’ Report
The Board is pleased to submit this report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended
December 31, 2025.
PRINCIPAL BUSINESS
We are a leading innovative global pharmaceutical company rooted in China. We strategically focus on comprehensive
therapeutic areas with significant unmet medical needs and growth potential, including (i) oncology, (ii) metabolic and
cardiovascular diseases, (iii) immunological and respiratory diseases, and (iv) neuroscience. The H Shares of the Company
were listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on May 23, 2025.
Operating segment information of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 is presented in Note 4 to the
consolidated financial statements. Details of the (1) names, (2) places and dates of incorporation/registration and places
of operations, (3) nominal value of issued ordinary/registered share capital, (4) percentage of equity attributable to
the Company, and (5) principal activities of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the financial
statements. There are no substantial changes in the principal business of the Group during the Reporting Period.
RESULTS
The operating results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 and the financial positions of the Company and
the Group as at the same date are set out on pages 108 to 115 of the consolidated financial statements.
DIVIDENDS
Pursuant to the resolutions of the shareholders of the Company dated April 28, 2025, the Company declared final dividends
of RMB2.0 per ten Shares for the year ended December 31, 2024, amounting to a total of approximately RMB1,274.1
million. The distribution of such cash dividend was completed on May 23, 2025.
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board proposed to declare a final dividend of RMB2.0 (inclusive of tax) per
ten Shares to all Shareholders based on the share capital of the Company as of the record date for dividend distribution,
excluding Shares held in the stock repurchase account. Based on the number of Shares entitled to dividends as at March
16, 2026 (being 6,630,412,224 Shares), the aggregate amount of final dividends proposed for distribution is RMB1,326.1
million. In the event of any change in the Company’s total share capital at the record date for dividend distribution,
the Company intends to maintain the distribution ratio per Share unchanged and adjust the total distribution amount
accordingly.
The aforesaid proposed dividend distribution is subject to the consideration and approval at the AGM. If the distribution
proposal is approved at the AGM, it is expected that the final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025 will be paid
to the Shareholders within 2 months after the AGM in accordance with the Articles of Association.
Please refer to the 2025 AGM circular of the Company published on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website for details.
The Company will announce further details regarding other specific matters on dividend distribution (including the record
date, the period for closure of register of members, and the expected payment date for the dividends) upon approval by the
Shareholders at the AGM.
There is no arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends.

=== PAGE 71 ===
70 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Directors’ Report
BUSINESS REVIEW
Details of the business review and performance of the Group during the Reporting Period (including the description of
the Group’s achievements, the main risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, material events affecting the Company
that have occurred since the end of the Reporting Period, the key financial performance and prospects) are set out in the
“Financial Highlights” section on page 4 of this report, “Chairman’s Statement”section on pages 8 to 9 of this report and
“Management Discussion and Analysis” section on pages 10 to 44 of this report.
SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the consolidated results and the consolidated assets, liabilities and equity of the Group for the last four
financial years is in the “Financial Highlights” section of this report on page 4. This summary does not form part of the
audited consolidated financial statements.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 14 to
the consolidated financial statements.
SHARE CAPITAL
The Company had 258,197,600 H Shares in issue and 6,379,002,274 A Shares as at December 31, 2025, excluding treasury
Shares held. Details of the changes in the Share capital of the Company during the year, together with the reasons therefor,
are set out in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.
ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES AND USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
On May 23, 2025, the Company’s H Shares were successfully listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
where 224,519,800 H Shares (before exercise of the over-allotment option) were issued and subscribed for at an offer price
of HK$44.05 per H Share by way of initial public offering to Hong Kong and overseas investors. Net proceeds from such
issue amounted to HK$9,747.3 million. On June 19, 2025, pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment option by the
overall coordinators of the Global Offering (for themselves and on behalf of the international underwriters), the Company
issued and allotted an aggregate of 33,677,800 H Shares at an offer price of HK$44.05 per H Share. The additional net
proceeds from the full exercise of over-allotment option amounted to HK$1,471.5 million.
The total net proceeds from the Global Offering (taking into account the exercise of the over-allotment option and
after deducting the underwriting fees and other expenses paid or payable by us in connection with the Global Offering)
amounted to HK$11,218.8 million (approximately RMB10,285.0 million). The Company aims to, among others, raise
additional capital for advancing its R&D initiatives and fund the construction, expansion or upgrade of new and existing
production and R&D facilities through the issuance of its H Shares through the Global Offering.

=== PAGE 72 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 71
Directors’ Report
To the best knowledge of the Directors, there has neither been any material change nor delay in the use of proceeds during
the year ended December 31, 2025. The following table sets forth a summary of the utilization of the net proceeds from the
Global Offering as of December 31, 2025:
Actual
Net Utilized use of Unutilized
proceeds amount proceeds amount
Percentage from the during the up to as of Expected timeline for
of the total Global Reporting December 31, December 31, fully utilizing the
Purpose amount Offering(1) Period 2025 2025 unutilized amount(2)
(RMB million) (RMB million) (RMB million) (RMB million)
Clinical studies for innovative 45.0% 4,628.3 170.9 170.9 4,457.4 On or before
drugs and drug candidates December 31, 2030
Developing new innovative 20.0 % 2,057.0 11.9 11.9 2,045.1 On or before
drugs December 31, 2030
Acquisitions and 10.0% 1,028.5 – – 1,028.5 On or before
collaborations globally December 31, 2030
to strengthen our product
pipeline and innovation
capabilities
Construction of new 15.0% 1,542.8 24.6 24.6 1,518.2 On or before
production and R&D December 31, 2030
facilities in China and
overseas markets
Working capital and other 10.0% 1,028.5 31.6 31.6 996.9 On or before
general corporate purposes December 31, 2030
Total 100% 10,285.0 239.0 239.0 10,046.0
Notes:
(1) Any discrepancies in this table between the total and sums of amounts are due to rounding.
(2) The expected timeline for utilization of the unutilized proceeds disclosed above is based on the best estimation from the Board in accordance
with latest information as at the date of this report.
ISSUE OF DEBENTURE
The Group did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period.

=== PAGE 73 ===
72 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Directors’ Report
PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHT
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the applicable laws of the PRC where the
Company is incorporated.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
Repurchase of A Shares on the Open Market
On May 15, 2024, the Board approved the repurchase of a portion of issued A Shares by the Company using its own
funds through centralized price bidding at the eighth meeting of the ninth session of the Board (the “2024 Repurchase”).
The expected amount of funds for the 2024 Repurchase shall be not less than RMB0.6 billion and not more than RMB1.2
billion. The maximum repurchase price of the 2024 Repurchase will not exceed RMB67.38 per A Share, and all the A Shares
repurchased will be used for employee stock ownership schemes or share incentives. Pursuant to the 2024 Repurchase, the
Company has repurchased 12,905,144 A Shares with a total consideration of approximately RMB601.3 million during the
Reporting Period.
On August 20, 2025, the Board approved the repurchase of a portion of issued A Shares by the Company using its
own funds through centralized price bidding at the eighteenth meeting of the ninth session of the Board (the “2025
Repurchase”). The expected amount of funds for the 2025 Repurchase shall be no less than RMB1 billion and no more
than RMB2 billion. The maximum repurchase price of the 2025 Repurchase will not exceed RMB90.85 per A Share, and all
the A Shares repurchased will be used for employee stock ownership schemes or share incentives. Pursuant to the 2025
Repurchase, the Company has repurchased 8,898,740 A Shares with a total consideration of approximately RMB595.2
million during the Reporting Period.
As of December 31, 2025, 13,511,100 of the repurchased A Shares have been transferred to the designated securities
repurchase account of the 2025 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Scheme.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group held 3,738,950 A Shares as treasury shares. For the movement in treasury
shares of the Company during the Reporting Period, please refer to Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.

=== PAGE 74 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 73
Directors’ Report
From the Listing Date up to the end of the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 8,898,740 A Shares
(representing approximately 0.13% of the total number of shares of the Company as at the end of the Reporting Period)
on the Shanghai Stock Exchange with an aggregate repurchase amount of approximately RMB595.22 million under the A
Share Employee Stock Ownership Schemes (as defined below). Details are summarized below:
Number of Highest Lowest Total
A Shares repurchase repurchase repurchase
Month repurchased price price amount
(shares) (RMB per share) (RMB per share) (RMB million)
May 2025 0 N/A N/A N/A
June 2025 0 N/A N/A N/A
July 2025 0 N/A N/A N/A
August 2025 0 N/A N/A N/A
September 2025 4,572,400 70.00 67.20 315.40
October 2025 3,346,400 69.81 62.90 220.02
November 2025 979,940 63.28 59.32 59.79
December 2025 0 N/A N/A N/A
Save as disclosed above, from the Listing Date up to the end of the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Shares (including treasury Shares).
TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders due to their holding of the
Company’s securities.
RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.
RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION
The amount of the Company’s retained profits available for distribution as at December 31, 2025, calculated in accordance
with PRC rules and regulations, was RMB40,173.4 million (December 31, 2024: RMB33,865.5 million).

=== PAGE 75 ===
74 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Directors’ Report
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
In the Reporting Period, the Group’s largest customer accounted for 25.82% of the Group’s total revenue. The Group’s five
largest customers accounted for 55.7% of the Group’s total revenue.
In the Reporting Period, the Group’s largest supplier accounted for 7.68% of the Group’s total purchase. The Group’s five
largest suppliers accounted for 28.7% of the Group’s total purchase.
None of the Directors or any of their close associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) or any Shareholders (which, to the
best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) has any beneficial interest in
the Group’s five largest suppliers or the Group’s five largest customers.
ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Company’s environmental protection measures mainly include: (i) establishing a standardized, science-based, and
rational environmental management system; (ii) regularly conducting internal and external environmental monitoring and
audit to ensure compliance with applicable environmental standards and mitigate the environmental impact of the Group’s
operations; (iii) implementing effective environmental emergency response plans and on-site management; and (iv) providing
regular training sessions for employees to enhance their environmental awareness.
Our environmental policy also places a strong emphasis on addressing the impacts of climate change. Recognizing the
significant impact that climate change can have on long-term business sustainability, we incorporate climate-related issues
into our governance and decision-making processes. We proactively identify and mitigate climate-related risks, while
tailoring our strategies to enhance our adaptability.
During the Reporting Period, the Company set energy-saving targets for major production plants and strictly assessed
performance, achieving a 100% completion rate of annual energy-saving targets. We conducted targeted energy audits on
manufacturing operating units, effectively identifying and addressing areas for improvement in energy management. The
Company also adopted innovative packaging designs to achieved an annual cost savings on packaging materials of more
than RMB1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.
Moreover, we have integrated ESG into our employee management practices to ensure that our employees contribute to
our sustainability goals. For instance, to effectively manage ESG issues, mitigate risks, and achieve sustainable growth, we
tie executive and managerial compensation to performance metrics related to safety, environment protection, quality, and
compliance.
In recognition of our ESG performance, our MSCI ESG rating, which measures our resilience to long-term, financially
relevant ESG risks, was upgraded from “A” to “AA” during the Reporting Period.
For details on environmental policies and performance, please refer to the “2025 Environmental, Social and Governance
Report” of the Company.
DONATIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations in an aggregate amount of approximately
RMB281.0 million.

=== PAGE 76 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 75
Directors’ Report
RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
In terms of relationship with its employees, the Company places strong emphasis on talent development. In 2025, the
Company fully promoted the implementation of Individual Development Plans (“IDP”), completing IDP formulation for
100% of core backbone employees and all succession pipeline candidates. In November 2025, the Company officially
launched the talent review and succession informatization system, achieving full-process digital closed-loop management of
IDPs from formulation, quarterly review, to year-end evaluation. Furthermore, the Company views campus recruitment as a
key part of its talent strategy and innovation ecosystem. During the Reporting Period, the Company held dedicated overseas
recruitment sessions at renowned universities including Yale University, Harvard University, and Johns Hopkins University to
attract international talent.
In terms of relationship with its customers, the Company conducted 128 quality audits during the Reporting Period,
including 62 inspections requested by regulatory agencies such as the NMPA and the U.S. FDA, as well as 66 quality audits
requested by customers. We also organized no fewer than eight internal quality reviews during the Reporting Period,
promptly implementing corrective and preventative measures to address issues identified during audits, ensuring that
product quality consistently meets high standards. As a result, the Company’s overall customer satisfaction rate reached
97% for the year ended December 31, 2025.
In terms of relationship with its suppliers, the Group carried out a special initiative during the Reporting Period to reduce
the number of sole-source suppliers, introducing at least one new qualified supplier for 33 categories of critical materials to
replace the original sole-source supply, actively promoting supply chain diversification. The Company also deployed an SRM
supplier management system, building a digitalized procurement management platform covering the full process of supplier
management, sourcing, contracts, orders, delivery, and financial collaboration.
The Group understands the importance of maintaining a good relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers to
meet its immediate and long-term business goals. During the Reporting Period, there was no material and significant dispute
between the Group and its employees, customers and suppliers.
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As the Group mainly operates in China, it is subject to PRC laws and regulations relating to the R&D, manufacturing,
distribution and procurement of pharmaceutical products and the medical industry, including but not limited to those on
quality, safety, environmental protection, intellectual property, labor and human resources. As a company incorporated in
the PRC and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company is also governed
by the PRC Company Law, the Civil Code of the PRC, the Drug Administration Law of the PRC, the Listing Rules, the SFO,
the Listing Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and other applicable regulations, policies and regulatory legal documents
promulgated pursuant thereto.
During the year ended December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Board, the Group does not have any incidence of
non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group’s business.

=== PAGE 77 ===
76 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Directors’ Report
DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period and as at the date of this report are as follows:
Executive Directors
Mr. Sun Piaoyang (Chairman of the Board)
Mr. Dai Hongbin (Deputy Chairman of the Board)
Ms. Feng Ji (General Manager (President) and Chief Operating Officer)
Mr. Zhang Lianshan (Executive Vice President)
Mr. Jiang Frank Ningjun (Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer)
Mr. Sun Jieping (Senior Vice President)
Non-executive Director
Ms. Guo Congzhao
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Dong Jiahong
Mr. Zeng Qingsheng
Mr. Sun Jinyun
Mr. Chow Kyan Mervyn
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Biographical details of the Directors, Supervisors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 94 to 101
of this report.
MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the Reporting Period (other than the service contracts with any Directors or
Supervisors or any of the full-time employees of the Company).
PENSION SCHEME
The employees of the Company and its subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in a central
pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The Company and the subsidiaries are required to contribute
a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss
as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme. Details of the pension scheme of the
Group are set out in Note 2.4 to the consolidated financial statements.

=== PAGE 78 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 77
Directors’ Report
CHANGE IN DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INFORMATION
There is no change in the Directors’ and Supervisors’ information which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period.
SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
None of the Directors nor Supervisors has entered into any unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation.
DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE AS WELL AS COMPETING BUSINESS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”, “Related Party Transactions” and Note 32
to the consolidated financial statements headed “Related Party Transactions” set out in this report, none of the Directors
or Supervisors nor any entity connected with the Directors or Supervisors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly,
in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the Reporting Period.
None of our Directors has any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete with our Group’s business and
would require disclosure under Rules 8.10(2) of the Listing Rules.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of material related party transactions are set out in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements. Save for the
connected transactions as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” under the “Directors’ Report” in this
report, none of such related party transactions constitutes a connected transaction or continuing connected transaction
(as the case may be) pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Our Company had complied with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
We have entered into agreements for continuing connected transactions with connected persons under the Listing Rules in
the ordinary and usual course of our business and in compliance with the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules. Details of the continuing connected transactions of the Group are set out below.
Licensing Agreement and Commercialization Services Framework Agreement with Hansoh Pharma
As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated December 28, 2025, (i) on December 26, 2025, the Company (as
licensor) entered into the Licensing Agreement with Hansoh Pharma (as licensee), pursuant to which the Company agreed
to grant Hansoh Pharma an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize the Licensed Product for the
Licensing Field within PRC, and Hansoh agreed to make certain upfront, milestone and royalty payments to the Company;
and (ii) on December 26, 2025, Chengdu Suncadia (a direct non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into the
Commercialization Services Framework Agreement with Jiangsu Hansoh (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hansoh Pharma).
Pursuant to the Commercialization Services Framework Agreement, Jiangsu Hansoh and/or its associates will provide
non-exclusive commercialization services to Chengdu Suncadia for the Paricalcitol Soft Capsules within the PRC in the
treatment of human.

=== PAGE 79 ===
78 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Directors’ Report
The spouse of Mr. Sun Piaoyang (the chairman of the Board and an executive Director) is a controlling shareholder of
Hansoh Pharma. Accordingly, Hansoh Pharma and Jiangsu Hansoh (which is wholly-owned by Hansoh Pharma) are
connected persons of the Company under Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules respectively and the transactions contemplated
under the Licensing Agreement and the Commercialization Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected
transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
Term
The Licensing Agreement is effective from the date of its execution and shall continue for a period of twenty (20) years from
the effective date, unless earlier terminated. The term of the Commercialization Services Framework Agreement is from
December 26, 2025 to December 31, 2027.
Consideration
Pursuant to the Licensing Agreement, Hansoh Pharma is required to pay the Company (i) an upfront payment of RMB30
million; (ii) regulatory milestone payment(s), and a commercial milestone payment associated with the inclusion of the
Licensed Product in the NRDL of up to RMB190 million upon achieving the specified milestones; and (iii) tiered royalty
payments of up to 9% based on net quarterly sales of the Licensed Product, in each case subject to the terms and conditions
of the Licensing Agreement.
The commercialization service fees payable by Chengdu Suncadia under the Commercialization Services Framework
Agreement shall be made on a quarterly basis and shall be determined by multiplying the actual net sales of the Paricalcitol
Soft Capsules by the applicable commercialization service fee rate, which shall be determined separately and set out in
definitive agreements to be entered into between Chengdu Suncadia and Jiangsu Hansoh. The commercialization service
fee rate shall be determined after arm’s length negotiations with reference to, amongst others, the listed drug price of
Paricalcitol Soft Capsules, the expected costs and expenses of conducting the commercialization services, rates charged in
historical transactions of the Group for similar commercialization services.
Annual caps
The proposed annual caps for the consideration payable by Hansoh Pharma to the Company under the Licensing Agreement
and Commercialization Services Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 are nil and nil, respectively.
The actual transaction amounts pursuant to the Licensing Agreement and the Commercialization Services Framework
Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 are nil and nil, respectively.
The Company has complied and will continue to comply with relevant requirements pursuant to Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules in respect of connected transactions, including, among others, conducting an annual review of the continuing
connected transactions. The Company will also adhere strictly to its pricing policies in determining the price and terms of the
continuing connected transactions to be conducted.
For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated December 28, 2025.
Opinion of the Board
The Board (including independent non-executive Directors) has reviewed the continuing connected transactions as described
above and confirmed that in 2025, such transactions have been entered into:
(i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
(ii) on normal commercial terms; and
(iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable
and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

=== PAGE 80 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 79
Directors’ Report
Confirmation of the auditor
The auditors of the Company issued a letter to the Board, confirming (among which) in respect of the continuing connected
transactions as mentioned above:
1. nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
transactions have not been approved by the Board;
2. for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with
the pricing policies of the Group;
3. nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not entered
into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and
4. nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
transactions have exceeded the maximum aggregate annual cap.
OTHER INFORMATION
The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations pursuant to Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.
All references above to other sections, reports or notes in this report form part of this Directors’ report.
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Approval for Marketing of Retlirafusp alfa Injection
In January 2026, the NMPA granted approval for the marketing of the Class 1 innovative drug Retlirafusp alfa Injection
independently developed by the Company. This product in combination with fluorouracil and platinum-based drugs is
used for the first-line treatment of locally advanced unresectable, recurrent or metastatic gastric and gastroesophageal
junction adenocarcinoma that is PD-L1 positive (CPS ≥ 1) by a fully validated test. For details, please refer to the Company’s
announcement dated January 7, 2026.
Approval for Marketing of Hetrombopag Olamine Tablets
In March 2026, the NMPA granted approval for a new indication of the Class 1 innovative drug Hetrombopag Olamine
Tablets self-developed by the Company. The newly approved indication covers the use of this product, in combination with
immunosuppressive therapy, for patients aged 15 years and older with treatment-naive severe aplastic anemia (SAA). For
details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 13, 2026.
Approval for Marketing of Trastuzumab Rezetecan for Injection
In March 2026, the NMPA granted approval for a new indication of the Class 1 innovative drug Trastuzumab Rezetecan for
Injection (SHR-A1811) self-developed by the Company. The newly approved indication covers the use of this product for the
treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer who have previously received
one or more anti-HER2 therapies. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 20, 2026.
Proposed Election of New Session of the Board, Retirement and Proposed Appointment of
Independent Non-Executive Director
As the term of office of the ninth session of the Board is due, the tenth session of the Board shall therefore be elected and
formed according to the Articles of Association. The Directors (save for Mr. Dong Jiahong, an independent non-executive
Director who will not stand for re-election for the tenth session of the Board) have been recommended by the Nomination
Committee for re-election. With effect from the date of the conclusion of the AGM, Mr. Dong Jiahong will retire from the
positions of an independent non-executive Director, the chairperson of the Nomination Committee, a member of the Audit
Committee and a member of the Strategy Committee. Upon the retirement taking effect, Mr. Dong will no longer hold any
position in the Company. The Board, upon recommendation by the Nomination Committee, proposes to appoint Mr. Lou
Liguang as an independent non-executive Director. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 2,
2026 and circular dated March 25, 2026.
Save as disclosed above, there is no material event affecting the Company during the period from December 31, 2025 to
the date of this report.

=== PAGE 94 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 93
Directors’ Report
(2) The grant price was RMB30.95 per Share, being no less than the par value of the Shares and no less than the higher of the following:
(1) 50% of the average trading price of A Shares on the trading day before the announcement of the draft 2025 Employee Stock
Ownership Scheme; or (2) 50% of the average trading price of A Shares on the 120 trading days before the announcement of the
draft 2025 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme. Please refer to the Company’s A Share announcement dated September 16, 2025
for details.
(3) Closing price of the A Shares immediately before the grant date.
(4) The fair value of the Shares as at the grant date. With respect to the accounting standard and policy adopted in determination of
such fair value, please refer to Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.
(5) The units granted to holders under the 2025 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme shall be vested upon fulfilment of certain vesting
conditions of the 2025 Employee Stock Ownership Scheme (including Group level performance appraisal and individual level
performance appraisal of the participants). Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated September 16, 2025 for details.
Upon expiry of the relevant unlocking period, the vested A Shares shall either be sold by the Scheme Management Committee, with
the proceeds to be distributed to the participants proportionately, or transferred to the relevant participant.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Details of the principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section of “Corporate
Governance Report” of this report.
AUDITOR
The Company has appointed EY Hua Ming as the Company’s domestic auditor and Ernst & Young as its international
auditor. Since the issuance of H Shares and the listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on May 23
2025, the Company has not changed its international auditor.
Suya Jincheng Certified Public Accountants (Special General Partnership) served as the Company’s domestic auditor for
the year ended December 31, 2023 and was subsequently replaced by EY Hua Ming, which has served as the Company’s
domestic auditor for the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, following an assessment and selection
process conducted pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations. Save as disclosed above, there is no change to the
auditors of the Company for the last three years.
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been audited by Ernst & Young, who and
EY Hua Ming will retire at the conclusion of the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves
for re-appointment. A resolution on the re-appointment of EY Hua Ming as the Company’s domestic auditor and Ernst &
Young as the international auditor of the Company will be proposed at the AGM.
For and on behalf of the Board
Mr. Sun Piaoyang (Chairman of the Board)
March 25, 2026

=== PAGE 95 ===
94 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Sun Piaoyang (孫飄揚先生), aged 67, is the Chairman of the Board and has been our Director since April 1997. Mr.
Sun is primarily responsible for the overall strategic planning, business development and management of our Group. He also
serves as the chairperson of the Strategy Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee.
Mr. Sun is an industry veteran with over 43 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He joined our Group in
August 1982 and held several positions over the years, including as the factory director of Lianyungang Pharmaceutical
Factory (連雲港製藥廠), the predecessor of our Company. Mr. Sun was a Director since April 1997 and he served as the
Chairman of the Board from April 1997 to January 2020 and was re-appointed subsequently in August 2021. Mr. Sun has
also been serving as an independent non-executive director of Abbisko Cayman Limited (HKEX: 2256) since September
2021.
Mr. Sun served as a representative of the 11th, 12th and 13th National People’s Congress of the PRC (全國人民代表大
會), and currently serves as a representative of the 14th National People’s Congress of the PRC (全國人民代表大會). He is
currently an executive member of the China Pharmacopoeia Commission (國家藥典委員會) and a vice chairperson of the
Chinese Pharmaceutical Association (中國藥學會). He is also a recipient of the State Council Special Allowance (國務院特殊
津貼).
Mr. Sun received his bachelor’s degree in Science (Pharmaceutical Chemistry) from China Pharmaceutical University (中國藥
科大學) in the PRC in July 1982. He received his doctoral degree in Organic Chemistry from Nanjing University (南京大學) in
the PRC in December 2004.
Mr. Sun also serves as a director of several subsidiaries of the Company.
Mr. Dai Hongbin (戴洪斌先生), aged 49, is the Deputy Chairman of the Board since April 2025. Mr. Dai has been our
Director since January 2020 and was our General Manager (President) from May 2022 to April 2025. Mr. Dai is primarily
responsible for assisting the Chairman of the Board with strategic planning, strategic investments and audit-related
management of the Board. He also serves as a member of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee and a member of
the Strategy Committee.
Mr. Dai has over 25 years of industry experience. Mr. Dai joined our Group in July 2000, and successively served as our
director of general office from July 2000 to April 2003 and our board secretary from April 2003 to May 2016. He was also
our Deputy General Manager from April 2013 to May 2022.
Mr. Dai received his bachelor’s degrees in Law and Economics from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (中南財
經政法大學) in the PRC in June 2000 and his master’s degree in Business Management from Wuhan University (武漢大
學) in the PRC in June 2011. He received his doctoral degree in Pharmacy (Social and Administrative Pharmacy) from China
Pharmaceutical University (中國藥科大學) in the PRC in June 2024.
Mr. Dai also serves as a director of several subsidiaries of the Company.

=== PAGE 96 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 95
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Ms. Feng Ji (馮佶女士), aged 55, has been appointed as our Director, since May 2025, and has been our General Manager
(President) and our Chief Operating Officer since April 2025. Ms. Feng is primarily responsible for the overall business
operations of our Group.
Ms. Feng has over 30 years of experience in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining the Group, Ms.
Feng has worked at different multinational pharmaceutical companies and healthcare institutions, including serving as a
neurologist at the Renji Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine (上海交通大學醫學院附屬仁
濟醫院) from July 1994 to February 1998, after which she worked at Beijing Novartis Pharma Co., Ltd. (北京諾華製藥有限
公司) until September 2000. In September 2003, Ms. Feng joined AstraZeneca (LSE/STO/NASDAQ: AZN). Throughout her
tenure of more than 20 years there, she served in various positions including, among others, the general manager of China
from May 2017 to December 2018, and the senior vice president of Asia from January 2019 to October 2022. Ms. Feng was
eventually appointed as the senior vice president of global insights and business excellence (全球洞察與卓越業務資深副總裁)
in November 2022, where she was responsible for advising on the commercialization development of pre-launch products
and providing overall market intelligence and industry insights for products.
Ms. Feng obtained her bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine (上海交
通大學醫學院) (formerly known as Shanghai Second Medical University (上海第二醫學院)) in the PRC in July 1994 and her
master’s degree in business administration from the Olin Business School, Washington University in Saint Louis in the U.S. in
December 2011.
Ms. Feng also serves as a director and a senior management member of a subsidiary of the Company.
Mr. Zhang Lianshan (張連山先生), aged 65, has been our Director since April 2012 and our Deputy General Manager
from August 2010 to December 2024. Mr. Zhang has been appointed as our Executive Vice President since December 2024.
Mr. Zhang is primarily responsible for R&D of our Group. He also serves as a member of the Strategy Committee.
Mr. Zhang has over 43 years of experience in the biomedical research and pharmaceutical industry. Before joining our
Group, Mr. Zhang worked as a research assistant at the Institute of Organic Chemistry in Eberhard Karls University of
Tübingen in Germany from 1992 until he subsequently joined the Department of Microbiology and Immunology at
Vanderbilt University in the U.S., working as a postdoctoral researcher from 1994 to 1998. From March 1998 to July 2008,
he served as senior chemist, chief research scientist, and research advisor at Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE: LLY). Mr. Zhang
subsequently served as the senior director of chemistry at Marcadia Biotech Inc. in the U.S. from August 2008 to April 2010.
Mr. Zhang received his bachelor’s degree in Science (Pharmaceutical Chemistry) from China Pharmaceutical University (中
國藥科大學) in the PRC in 1982. He received his doctoral degree in Organic Chemistry from Eberhard Karls University of
Tübingen in Germany in 1992.
Mr. Zhang also serves as a director of a subsidiary of the Company.

=== PAGE 97 ===
96 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Mr. Jiang Frank Ningjun (江寧軍先生), aged 65, has been our Director since February 2023, and was our Deputy General
Manager from February 2023 to December 2024. Mr. Jiang has been appointed as our Executive Vice President since
December 2024. Mr. Jiang is also the Chief Strategy Officer and is primarily responsible for clinical development, business
development and capital markets activities of our Group. He serves as a member of the Strategy Committee.
Mr. Jiang has over 40 years of experience in the medical/pharmaceutical industry, including over 35 years of experience and
expertise in medical and clinical research in the U.S., Canada, and China. He served as a team leader in the clinical research
of cardiovascular disease at Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE: LLY). Mr. Jiang served several key roles at Sanofi (NASDAQ: SNY,
EPA: SAN), including the global clinical research director from July 2002 to June 2006, the Global VP (Clinical Operations)
from July 2008 to November 2010 and the Global VP and Head of Asia Pacific R&D from November 2010 to June 2016.
Subsequently, he served as the founding chief executive officer, executive director and chairman of the board of directors of
CStone Pharmaceuticals (HKEX: 2616) from July 2016 to August 2022.
Mr. Jiang was certified as a physician in the U.S. by the Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates in May
1995.
Mr. Jiang received his bachelor’s degree in Medicine from Nanjing Medical University (南京醫科大學) (formerly known
as Nanjing Medical College (南京醫學院)) in the PRC in 1982. He received his doctoral degree in Immunology from the
University of British Columbia in Canada in 1992. He completed a postdoctoral fellowship in clinical chemistry in 1994,
an internship in internal medicine in June 1997, and a clinical residency in internal medicine in June 1999 at Washington
University School of Medicine in the U.S..
Mr. Sun Jieping (孫杰平先生), aged 55, has been our Director since January 2020 and our Deputy General Manager from
April 2013 to December 2024. Mr. Sun has been appointed as our Senior Vice President since December 2024. Mr. Sun is
primarily responsible for the overall financial management of our Group.
Mr. Sun joined our Group in September 1998 and served as our Finance Director. Prior to that, he worked at Lianyungang
Pharmaceutical Procurement and Supply Station (連雲港市醫藥採購供應站) (the predecessor of Jiangsu Kangyuan
Pharmaceutical Commercial Co., Ltd. (江蘇康緣醫藥商業有限公司)) from July 1992 to September 1998, serving as
accountant, accountant in charge, deputy finance manager, and audit manager successively.
Mr. Sun received his bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Tianjin College of Commerce (天津商學院) in the PRC in 1992
and his master’s degree in Professional Accountancy from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in December 2004.
Mr. Sun also serves as a director or supervisor of several subsidiaries of the Company.

=== PAGE 98 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 97
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Ms. Guo Congzhao (郭叢照女士), aged 53, has been our Director since January 2020. Ms. Guo is primarily responsible
for providing recommendations on the strategic development of our Group. She also serves as a member of the Strategy
Committee.
Ms. Guo joined our Group in January 2020 and has been serving as our Director since then. Prior to joining our Group,
from August 1996 to September 2017, she served in various roles at the Ministry of Finance of PRC. From September 2017,
Ms. Guo served several roles in China National Pharmaceutical Investment Co., Ltd. (中國醫藥投資有限公司), including the
general manager of the equity investment division, the general manager of industrial development division and investment
director, and she has also served as the deputy general manager in charge of daily operations and the finance director of
Sinopharm Private Equity Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (國藥集團私募基金管理(北京)有限公司), and the executive
director of Guoyao Yicai Supply Chain Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (國藥易採供應鏈科技(北京)有限公司). Since November
2025, Ms. Guo has been serving as the director, the general manager and the finance director of Sinopharm Private Equity
Fund Management (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (國藥集團私募基金管理(北京)有限公司).
Ms. Guo received her bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in Economics from Zhongnan University of Economics (中南財
經大學) (currently known as Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (中南財經政法大學)) in the PRC in July 1993 and
June 1996 respectively.
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Dong Jiahong (董家鴻先生), aged 65, has been our independent non-executive Director since May 2021. Mr. Dong
is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent opinion and judgment to the Board. He also serves as the
chairperson of the Nomination Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the Strategy Committee.
Mr. Dong served in the hepatobiliary surgery department of The Southwestern Hospital of the Third Military Medical
University (第三軍醫大學西南醫院) (currently known as The Southwest Hospital of Army Medical University (陸軍軍醫大
學西南醫院)) from January 1986 to December 2007 and the Chinese PLA General Hospital (中國人民解放軍總醫院) from
January 2007 to March 2015. Further, Mr. Dong has been serving various roles at Tsinghua University (清華大學), including
the Dean of the School of Clinical Medical and the president of Beijing Tsinghua Changgung Hospital (北京清華長庚醫院).
Mr. Dong received his bachelor’s degree in medicine from Xuzhou Medical School (徐州醫學院) (currently known as Xuzhou
Medical University (徐州醫科大學)) in the PRC in December 1982. He received his doctoral degree in General Surgery from
the Third Military Medical University of the People’s Liberation Army (解放軍第三軍醫大學) in the PRC in 1993.

=== PAGE 99 ===
98 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Mr. Zeng Qingsheng (曾慶生先生), aged 51, has been our independent non-executive Director since February 2023. Mr.
Zeng is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent opinion and judgment to the Board. He also serves
as the chairperson of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee.
Mr. Zeng has also been serving as an independent non-executive director of Haitong UniTrust International Leasing Co., Ltd.
(海通恆信國際租賃股份有限公司) (HKEX: 1905) since May 2017 and an independent director of Huatai Securities (Shanghai)
Asset Management Co., Ltd. (華泰證券(上海)資產管理有限公司) since December 2025. Since March 2010, Mr. Zeng has
successively served as an associate professor, doctoral supervisor, professor, and vice dean of the School of Accountancy at
Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (上海財經大學) in the PRC. From April 2005 to March 2010, he served as a
lecturer and then an associate professor in the Accounting Department of Antai College of Economics and Management at
Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學安泰經濟與管理學院) in the PRC.
Mr. Zeng received his bachelor’s degree in Accounting from China Textile University (currently known as Donghua University
(東華大學)) in the PRC in July 1998. He further received his master’s degree in Accounting from Shanghai University of
Finance and Economics (上海財經大學) in the PRC in March 2001 and a PhD degree in Accounting from Shanghai University
of Finance and Economics (上海財經大學) in the PRC in March 2005. Mr. Zeng obtained the qualification of non-practicing
member issued by The Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants in December 2002. Mr. Zeng was a visiting scholar
at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in the U.S. from August 2010 to August 2011.
Mr. Sun Jinyun (孫金雲先生), aged 53, has been our independent non-executive Director since February 2023. Mr. Sun
is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent opinion and judgment to the Board. He serves as the
chairperson of the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and a member of the
Strategy Committee.
Mr. Sun has been an associate professor in the School of Management of Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC since June
2012. Mr. Sun served as an independent director of Paslin Digital Technology Co., Ltd. (派斯林數字科技股份有限公司) (SHA:
600215) from July 2018 to November 2024. He has been serving as an independent director of Kennede Electronics Mfg.
Co., Ltd. (廣東小崧科技股份有限公司) (SHE:002723) since June 2023 and an independent director of Zhejiang Meili High
Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江美力科技股份有限公司) (SHE: 300611) since January 2026.
Mr. Sun received his bachelor’s degree in Silicate Engineering from Zhejiang University (浙江大學) in the PRC in June 1994
and master’s and doctoral degree in Business Administration from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC in July 2002 and
June 2011 respectively.

=== PAGE 100 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 99
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Mr. Chow Kyan Mervyn (周紀恩先生), aged 54, has been appointed as our independent non-executive Director since
May 2025. Mr. Chow is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent opinion and judgment to the Board.
Mr. Chow is a member of the Advisory Board of Carret Private Wealth Management since March 2023 and a member of
the Listing Committee of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since July 2024. He was a member of the Chairman Pool for the
Listing Review Committee of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from 2021 to 2024.
Mr. Chow was a partner of Hillhouse Capital Management Limited from 2018 to 2021. Mr. Chow has over 20 years of
experience in Asia Pacific investment banking. Prior to joining Hillhouse Capital Management Limited, he was the Chief
Executive Officer for Greater China and Co-Head of Investment Banking and Capital Markets Asia Pacific for Credit
Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited. He was responsible for the bank’s sector and country corporate coverage groups, mergers &
acquisitions and capital markets in Asia as well as the overall strategy for the bank in Greater China. Mr. Chow served as a
non-executive director of Topsports International Holdings Limited (滔搏國際控股有限公司) (HKEX: 6110) from June 2019
to October 2020.
Mr. Chow received his bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of California at Berkeley in May 1994 and his
master of Arts in International Policy Studies from Stanford University in June 1995.
SUPERVISORS
Mr. Yuan Kaihong (袁開紅先生) served as Chairperson of our Supervisory Committee. He was appointed as a Supervisor
in February 2023 and was primarily responsible for exercise of supervision over the directors and senior management until
December 31, 2025.
Mr. Xiong Guoqiang (熊國強先生) served as our Supervisor from March 2010 to December 31, 2025 and was primarily
responsible for exercise of supervision over the directors and senior management.
Ms. Xu Yu (徐煜女士) served as our Employee Supervisor from July 2022 to December 31, 2025 and was primarily
responsible for exercise of supervision over the directors and senior management.

=== PAGE 101 ===
100 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
SENIOR MANAGEMENT (OTHER THAN DIRECTORS)
Mr. Zhu Guoxin (朱國新先生), aged 56, is our Senior Vice President. He joined our Group as the Senior Vice President of
our Company in December 2025, and is primarily responsible for early stage R&D management of our Group.
Mr. Zhu possesses over 30 years leadership experience in global multidisciplinary drug discovery, spanning all phases
from target assumption to early clinical trials across multiple therapeutic areas, including diabetes/obesity and related
complications, immunology, neurological disorders, pain, and oncology. Between June 1998 and November 2025, Mr. Zhu
held a number of positions at Eli Lilly and Company (“Eli Lilly”) under various roles, including as the vice president of the
center for research and development of novel drugs, where he led multiple drug discovery and research, as well as early
stage development projects. As chairperson of the small molecule strategy group at Eli Lilly, he supervised the research
and delivery of over 100 clinical small molecule drug candidates. He also served as a core member of the therapeutic area
strategy group at Eli Lilly, contributing to investment portfolios and external research collaboration strategies across multiple
therapeutic modalities (small molecules, peptides, antibodies, and siRNA).
Mr. Zhu received his bachelor’s degree in 1990 at Zhejiang University, his master’s and doctoral degrees at Shanghai
Institute of Organic Chemistry in 1992 and 1995, respectively, and completed postdoctoral research at Pennsylvania State
University.
Mr. Lau Kin Chun (劉健俊先生), aged 48, is our Financial Controller. He was appointed as the Financial Controller of our
Company in November 2021, and is primarily responsible for the overall implementation of financial strategy of our Group.
He joined our Group in June 2021 and served as the deputy general manager in one of our subsidiaries. Prior to that, he
held various positions in KPMG Huazhen LLP, from March 2008 to September 2019 and he was an audit partner of KPMG
Huazhen LLP from October 2019 to May 2021.
Mr. Lau received both his bachelor’s degree of Arts in Accountancy and master of Professional Accounting from Hong
Kong Polytechnic University in Hong Kong in December 1999 and December 2005 respectively. He received his doctoral
degree in Finance from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (上海財經大學) in the PRC in June 2012. He has been
a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) since July 2003, a member of the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) since February 2004 and a member of The Chinese Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (CICPA) since May 2015. He is also a Chartered Financial Analyst of the CFA Institute since September
2013.