=== PAGE 76 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 75
Directors’ Report
RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
In terms of relationship with its employees, the Company places strong emphasis on talent development. In 2025, the
Company fully promoted the implementation of Individual Development Plans (“IDP”), completing IDP formulation for
100% of core backbone employees and all succession pipeline candidates. In November 2025, the Company officially
launched the talent review and succession informatization system, achieving full-process digital closed-loop management of
IDPs from formulation, quarterly review, to year-end evaluation. Furthermore, the Company views campus recruitment as a
key part of its talent strategy and innovation ecosystem. During the Reporting Period, the Company held dedicated overseas
recruitment sessions at renowned universities including Yale University, Harvard University, and Johns Hopkins University to
attract international talent.
In terms of relationship with its customers, the Company conducted 128 quality audits during the Reporting Period,
including 62 inspections requested by regulatory agencies such as the NMPA and the U.S. FDA, as well as 66 quality audits
requested by customers. We also organized no fewer than eight internal quality reviews during the Reporting Period,
promptly implementing corrective and preventative measures to address issues identified during audits, ensuring that
product quality consistently meets high standards. As a result, the Company’s overall customer satisfaction rate reached
97% for the year ended December 31, 2025.
In terms of relationship with its suppliers, the Group carried out a special initiative during the Reporting Period to reduce
the number of sole-source suppliers, introducing at least one new qualified supplier for 33 categories of critical materials to
replace the original sole-source supply, actively promoting supply chain diversification. The Company also deployed an SRM
supplier management system, building a digitalized procurement management platform covering the full process of supplier
management, sourcing, contracts, orders, delivery, and financial collaboration.
The Group understands the importance of maintaining a good relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers to
meet its immediate and long-term business goals. During the Reporting Period, there was no material and significant dispute
between the Group and its employees, customers and suppliers.
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As the Group mainly operates in China, it is subject to PRC laws and regulations relating to the R&D, manufacturing,
distribution and procurement of pharmaceutical products and the medical industry, including but not limited to those on
quality, safety, environmental protection, intellectual property, labor and human resources. As a company incorporated in
the PRC and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company is also governed
by the PRC Company Law, the Civil Code of the PRC, the Drug Administration Law of the PRC, the Listing Rules, the SFO,
the Listing Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and other applicable regulations, policies and regulatory legal documents
promulgated pursuant thereto.
During the year ended December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Board, the Group does not have any incidence of
non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group’s business.

