=== PAGE 80 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 79
Directors’ Report
Confirmation of the auditor
The auditors of the Company issued a letter to the Board, confirming (among which) in respect of the continuing connected
transactions as mentioned above:
1. nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
transactions have not been approved by the Board;
2. for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with
the pricing policies of the Group;
3. nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not entered
into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and
4. nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
transactions have exceeded the maximum aggregate annual cap.
OTHER INFORMATION
The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations pursuant to Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.
All references above to other sections, reports or notes in this report form part of this Directors’ report.
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Approval for Marketing of Retlirafusp alfa Injection
In January 2026, the NMPA granted approval for the marketing of the Class 1 innovative drug Retlirafusp alfa Injection
independently developed by the Company. This product in combination with fluorouracil and platinum-based drugs is
used for the first-line treatment of locally advanced unresectable, recurrent or metastatic gastric and gastroesophageal
junction adenocarcinoma that is PD-L1 positive (CPS ≥ 1) by a fully validated test. For details, please refer to the Company’s
announcement dated January 7, 2026.
Approval for Marketing of Hetrombopag Olamine Tablets
In March 2026, the NMPA granted approval for a new indication of the Class 1 innovative drug Hetrombopag Olamine
Tablets self-developed by the Company. The newly approved indication covers the use of this product, in combination with
immunosuppressive therapy, for patients aged 15 years and older with treatment-naive severe aplastic anemia (SAA). For
details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 13, 2026.
Approval for Marketing of Trastuzumab Rezetecan for Injection
In March 2026, the NMPA granted approval for a new indication of the Class 1 innovative drug Trastuzumab Rezetecan for
Injection (SHR-A1811) self-developed by the Company. The newly approved indication covers the use of this product for the
treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer who have previously received
one or more anti-HER2 therapies. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 20, 2026.
Proposed Election of New Session of the Board, Retirement and Proposed Appointment of
Independent Non-Executive Director
As the term of office of the ninth session of the Board is due, the tenth session of the Board shall therefore be elected and
formed according to the Articles of Association. The Directors (save for Mr. Dong Jiahong, an independent non-executive
Director who will not stand for re-election for the tenth session of the Board) have been recommended by the Nomination
Committee for re-election. With effect from the date of the conclusion of the AGM, Mr. Dong Jiahong will retire from the
positions of an independent non-executive Director, the chairperson of the Nomination Committee, a member of the Audit
Committee and a member of the Strategy Committee. Upon the retirement taking effect, Mr. Dong will no longer hold any
position in the Company. The Board, upon recommendation by the Nomination Committee, proposes to appoint Mr. Lou
Liguang as an independent non-executive Director. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 2,
2026 and circular dated March 25, 2026.
Save as disclosed above, there is no material event affecting the Company during the period from December 31, 2025 to
the date of this report.

