=== PAGE 50 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 49
Corporate Governance Report
The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles of Association.
The Nomination Committee is responsible for formulating the criteria, procedures and methods for selection of Directors,
identifying suitable Director candidates, and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment
of Directors and succession planning for Directors. Where a re-election fails to be carried out in a timely manner upon the
expiry of the term of office of a Director, such Director shall continue to perform his/her duties as a Director until a re-
elected Director takes office in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and the Articles of
Association.
Senior management officers may serve concurrently as Directors, provided that the total number of such Directors who
concurrently serve as senior management personnel and the employee representatives shall not exceed a half of the total
number of the Directors of the Company.
GENERAL MEETINGS, BOARD MEETINGS AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS
There are two types of general meetings: annual Shareholders’ meetings and extraordinary Shareholders’ meetings. A
general meeting shall be convened by the Board. The annual Shareholders’ meeting shall be convened once a year, and be
held within six months after the end of the previous fiscal year. The Board shall inform each Shareholder of the time, place
and the agenda of the meeting 21 days prior to the convening of an annual Shareholders’ meetings, and shall inform each
Shareholder of the meeting 15 days prior to the convening of an extraordinary Shareholders’ meeting.
The Company convenes Board meetings regularly, at least at quarterly intervals in accordance with Code Provision C.5.1 of
the CG Code. For regular Board meetings, the Company has put in place arrangements to ensure that all Directors are given
an opportunity to include matters in the agenda, and written notice of at least 14 days are provided to give all Directors an
opportunity to attend. For other Board meetings and Board committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given by the
Company.
The agenda and accompanying Board papers are dispatched to all Directors at least three days prior to the intended date
of any regular Board meeting or Board committee meeting, and within a reasonable time prior to the date of any intended
extraordinary Board meeting or Board committee meeting, so as to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review
the papers and be adequately prepared for the meetings. When Directors or committee members are unable to attend a
meeting, they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to the
Chairman prior to the meeting.
Minutes of Board meetings and Board committee meetings are maintained by our company secretary and are open
for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by all Directors. Minutes of the Board meetings and Board
committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail on the matters considered by the Board and the Board committees
and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views expressed. Draft and final
signed versions of these meeting minutes will be sent to all Directors for their comments and records respectively, within a
reasonable time after the Board meeting is held.

