=== PAGE 47 ===
46 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report
COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has devised its own code of conduct regarding Directors’ dealings in the Company’s securities (the “Code
of Conduct”) on terms no less exacting than the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Having made
specific enquiry of the Directors, all the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the standards for securities
transactions by directors as set out in the Code of Conduct since the Listing Date and up to December 31, 2025.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board possesses a balanced mix of skills, experience and perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s
business. The Board comprises six executive Directors, one non-executive Director and four independent non-executive
Directors, ensuring that a strong independent element exists on the Board to facilitate the effective exercise of independent
judgement.
Since the Listing Date and at the date of this report, the Board comprises 11 Directors, consisting of six executive Directors,
one non-executive Director, and four independent non-executive Directors.
Position Name
Executive Directors Mr. Sun Piaoyang (Chairman of the Board)
Mr. Dai Hongbin (Deputy Chairman of the Board)
Ms. Feng Ji (General Manager (President) and Chief Operating Officer)
Mr. Zhang Lianshan (Executive Vice President)
Mr. Jiang Frank Ningjun (Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer)
Mr. Sun Jieping (Senior Vice President)
Non-executive Director Ms. Guo Congzhao
Independent Non-executive Directors Mr. Dong Jiahong
Mr. Zeng Qingsheng
Mr. Sun Jinyun
Mr. Chow Kyan Mervyn
The biographical information of each Director is set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management” under this report. All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought
a wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and expertise to the Board for its efficient and effective
functioning. Independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the audit, remuneration and evaluation,
nomination and strategy committees.
Each of our Directors confirms that he or she (i) has obtained the legal advice referred to under Rule 3.09D of the Listing
Rules in December 2024 (for all the Directors except Ms. Feng Ji) and April 2025 (for Ms. Feng Ji), and (ii) understands his or
her obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the Listing Rules.

