=== PAGE 20 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 19
Management Discussion and Analysis
Research and Development
Technology Platforms
During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to enhance its sophisticated technology platforms for ADCs, bi/
multi-specific antibodies, protein degraders, small nucleic acid drugs, and oral peptides. The Company has also achieved
preliminary progress in building a platform for new molecular modalities and is actively expanding into the realm of AI-
driven drug R&D platforms. Furthermore, the Company has established the “Hengrui-LingShu” platform and bioinformatics
platform to streamline various aspects of its R&D process, including drug discovery, molecular design, drug property
prediction and optimization. Supported by these new technology platforms and the dedication of its R&D team, the
Company has continuously yielded differentiated and innovatively competitive products.
R&D Progress
During the Reporting Period, 28 self-developed innovative molecules from the Company first reached clinical stage,
comprising small-molecule chemical drugs, antibodies and ADCs spanning multiple therapeutic areas including oncology,
autoimmune diseases, metabolism, and cardiovascular diseases. While maintaining its strong focus on oncology, the
Company’s R&D system has strategically diversified its pipeline to include chronic disease treatments. Concurrently, the
Company continues to optimize, upgrade, and innovate its existing product portfolio to strengthen its foundation for
sustainable growth. The Company’s ADC platform has successfully advanced over 10 novel and differentiated ADC
molecules into clinical trials, amongst which, the SHR-A1811 (HER2 ADC) was included in the list of breakthrough
therapeutic drugs by the CDE for ten indications.
The Company accelerated clinical trials of innovative drug candidates, with 14 products or indications approved for
marketing and advancements across multiple R&D pipelines, During the Reporting Period, the Group obtained marketing
approvals for seven Class 1 innovative drugs, including: recaticimab for injection, ivarmacitinib sulfate tablets, retagliptin
phosphate and metformin hydrochloride tablets (I)/(II), trastuzumab rezetecan for injection, famitinib malate capsules,
fosrolapitant and palonosetron hydrochloride for injection, and Zemidostat tablets; obtained marketing approval for one
Class 2 innovative drug, namely Henagliflozin Proline, Retagliptin Phosphate and Metformin Hydrochloride Sustained-
release Tablets (I)(II). In addition, six new indications of marketed innovative drugs were approved for marketing, including:
ivarmacitinib sulfate tablets for three additional indications (rheumatoid arthritis, atopic dermatitis, and alopecia areata),
camrelizumab for injections for one additional indication (in combination with famitinib for second-line cervical cancer
treatment), Vunakizumab Injection for one additional indication (ankylosing spondylitis), and tegileridine fumarate
injection for one additional indication (moderate-to-severe pain after orthopedic surgery). During the Reporting Period,
the Company’s R&D pipeline demonstrated progress: 15 marketing applications were accepted by the NMPA, 28 clinical
studies advanced to Phase III clinical trials, 61 clinical studies progressed to Phase II clinical trials, and 28 innovative products
first advanced to Phase I clinical trials. For details of our product pipeline, please refer to the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis – Major Achievements During the Reporting Period – Research and Development Progress of Our
Products During the Reporting Period” of this report.
During the Reporting Period, the Company steadily advanced international clinical trials of its innovative drugs, with
multiple innovative drugs having commenced their first overseas clinical trials spanning Phase I through Phase III, and made
steady progress in its marketing authorization applications (“MAA”) for multiple products in the European Union. The
resubmission of the BLA for camrelizumab in the United States has been completed and accepted for review. The orphan
drug designation of trastuzumab rezetecan (SHR-A1811) in combination with adebrelimab (SHR-1316) for the treatment of

