=== PAGE 46 ===
Annual Report 2025 Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. 45
Corporate Governance Report
The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report contained in the Company’s annual report for the year
ended December 31, 2025.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards, with an aim to uphold the highest standards
of integrity and ethical conduct to foster a clean and transparent business environment, and to safeguard the Company’s
sound and sustainable development. Our corporate governance framework is designed to facilitate sound decision-
making through systems and policies aligned with our corporate values and best industry practice. We have established
four specialized board committees – the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Evaluation Committee, the Nomination
Committee and the Strategy Committee – each providing strategic guidance to our Board.
The Company is also continuously improving its corporate governance structure, and optimizing its internal management
and controls as well as its business operations to enhance overall corporate governance standards. The corporate
governance practices adopted by the Company are based on the principles and Code Provisions as set out in the CG Code
and the Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance.
The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to
safeguard the interests of Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Board is of the view that
the Company has complied with all the Code Provisions as set out in Part 2 of the CG Code since the Listing Date and
up to December 31, 2025, and will periodically review and enhance its corporate governance practices to ensure that the
Company continues to meet the requirements of the CG Code.
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, and in this regard,
the Board has performed the following duties during the Reporting Period:
(a) developed and reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;
(b) reviewed and monitored the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
management of the Company;
(c) reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements;
(d) reviewed and monitored code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to the Directors and
employees of the Company; and
(e) reviewed the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

