
 At December 31, 2025 707148
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 26, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement 

 cash equivalents and short-term investments -1

 cash and cash equivalents totaled -1

 net cash provided by operating activities 53135
logy company discovering and developing innovative treatments that are more accessible to cancer patients worldwide. In 2025, we generated total global revenue of approximately $5.3 billion, increasing revenue by approximately 40.2% from the prior year, while achieving net income of $286.9 million, net cash provided by operating activities of $1.1 billion and positive free cash flow of $941.7 million. We are serial innovators in hematology and have built a differentiated, wholly-owned, and foundational franchise. We are the only company with potentially best-in-class assets across three foundational chronic lymphocytic leukemia (“CLL”) mechanisms of action (“MoAs”). This includes BRUKINSA ® , a proven best-in-class Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (“BTK”) inhibitor, sonrotoclax, a next-generation and potentially best-in-class B-cell lymphoma 2 (“BCL2”) inhibitor that received its first global regulatory approval in December 2025, and our potentially first-in-class and best-in-class BTK chimeric degradation activation compound (“BTK-CDAC”). BRUKINSA was designed for complete sustainable inhibition of BTK with the belief that this would improve patient outcomes. This hypothesis was supported in the ALPINE trial, where BRUKINSA demonstrated sustained superior efficacy and lower cardiac toxicity in an all-comers relapsed/refractory (“R/R”) CLL population against ibrutinib. BRUKINSA is the only BTK inhibitor to prove superior efficacy to ibrutinib, especially over the long term. BRUKINSA has the broadest label in the class, with U.S. approvals in CLL, mantle cell lymphoma (“MCL”), Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia (“WM”), marginal zone lymphoma (“MZL”) and follicular lymphoma (“FL”). Despite being the third entrant to the market, BRUKINSA became the global market leader across B-cell 

 positive free cash flow 53197
that are more accessible to cancer patients worldwide. In 2025, we generated total global revenue of approximately $5.3 billion, increasing revenue by approximately 40.2% from the prior year, while achieving net income of $286.9 million, net cash provided by operating activities of $1.1 billion and positive free cash flow of $941.7 million. We are serial innovators in hematology and have built a differentiated, wholly-owned, and foundational franchise. We are the only company with potentially best-in-class assets across three foundational chronic lymphocytic leukemia (“CLL”) mechanisms of action (“MoAs”). This includes BRUKINSA ® , a proven best-in-class Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (“BTK”) inhibitor, sonrotoclax, a next-generation and potentially best-in-class B-cell lymphoma 2 (“BCL2”) inhibitor that received its first global regulatory approval in December 2025, and our potentially first-in-class and best-in-class BTK chimeric degradation activation compound (“BTK-CDAC”). BRUKINSA was designed for complete sustainable inhibition of BTK with the belief that this would improve patient outcomes. This hypothesis was supported in the ALPINE trial, where BRUKINSA demonstrated sustained superior efficacy and lower cardiac toxicity in an all-comers relapsed/refractory (“R/R”) CLL population against ibrutinib. BRUKINSA is the only BTK inhibitor to prove superior efficacy to ibrutinib, especially over the long term. BRUKINSA has the broadest label in the class, with U.S. approvals in CLL, mantle cell lymphoma (“MCL”), Waldenström’s macroglobulinemia (“WM”), marginal zone lymphoma (“MZL”) and follicular lymphoma (“FL”). Despite being the third entrant to the market, BRUKINSA became the global market leader across B-cell malignancies in 2025. BRUKINSA generated $3.9 billion in sales

 Cash Flows 272520
intercompany transfers of products and intellectual property, and cost reimbursements. Since formation in 2010, BeOne Medicines Ltd. has raised over $10.8 billion in various public and private stock offerings, and has raised additional amounts from various borrowings, and beginning in Q3 2024, from cash flows from operations. Of the amounts raised, (1) $2.1 billion and RMB20 billion have been transferred as capital contributions to its operating subsidiaries and (2) $1.2 billion and RMB1.9 billion are outstanding intercompany loans due from its operating subsidiaries as of December 31, 2025. All biopharmaceutical patents previously owned by BeOne Medicines Ltd. have been transferred to operating subsidiaries for further development and commercialization. As of December 31, 2025, BeOne Medicines Ltd. held $584 million in cash and cash equivalents which are available for future investment in its programs and operating subsidiaries. The Company’s subsidiaries outside of China have cash and cash equivalents of $3.2 billion that may be permanently transferred to BeOne Medicines Ltd. in the form of dividends and distributions or temporarily in the form of intercompany loans or advances without consent of a third-party; however, to date, BeOne Medicines Ltd. has not received any dividends or distributions from its operating subsidiaries. For further information on our intercompany flow of funds, please refer to (i) the sections titled “Liquidity and Capital Resources” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Doing Business in the PRC—We may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material a
