H Share Stock Code : 03968

        Annual Report
China Merchants Bank          Contents                                                    1

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Contents

2  Definitions

2  Significant Risk Warning

3  Important Notice

4  Chairman’s Statement

7  President’s Statement

12 Chapter I Company Information

16 Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators

20 Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

   20 3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation

   21 3.2 Analysis of Income Statement

   27 3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet

   32 3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality

   39 3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy

   42 3.6 Results of Operating Segments

   42 3.7 Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements

   42 3.8 Implementation of Development Strategies

   49 3.9 Key Business Concerns in Operation

   57 3.10 Business Operation

   76 3.11 Risk Management

   82 3.12 Implementation of the Action Plan of “Corporate Value and Return Enhancement”

   83 3.13 Outlook and Coping Tactics

86 Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

103 Chapter V Corporate Governance

140 Chapter VI Important Events

148 Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

157 Chapter VIII Financial Statements
2  China Merchants Bank          Definitions / Significant Risk Warning

   Annual Report 2025 (H share)

   Definitions

   The Company, the Bank, CMB or China Merchants Bank:        CMB Europe S.A.:
   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                             China Merchants Bank (Europe) Co., Ltd.
   The Group:                                                 CMB Investment:
   China Merchants Bank and its subsidiaries                  China Merchants Bank Financial Asset Investment Co., Ltd.
   CSRC:                                                      CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance:
   China Securities Regulatory Commission                     CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
   Hong Kong Stock Exchange or SEHK:                          Merchants Union Consumer Finance or MUCFC:
   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited                    Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited
   Hong Kong Listing Rules:                                   CMB YunChuang:
   The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the SEHK  CMB YunChuang Information Technology Co., Ltd. with
   CMB Wing Lung Bank:                                        100% equity interest held by the Company indirectly
   CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited                                 CMB Network Technology:
   CMB Wing Lung Group:                                       China Merchants Bank Network Technology (Shenzhen)
   CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries                    Co., Ltd. with 100% equity interest held by the Company
   CMB Financial Leasing or CMBFL:                            indirectly
   CMB Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                            Ernst & Young Hua Ming:
   CMB International Capital or CMBIC:                        Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
   CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited     Articles of Association:
   CMB Wealth Management:                                     Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
   CMB Wealth Management Company Limited                      Corporate Governance Code:
   China Merchants Fund or CMFM:                              Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to
   China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd.                  the Hong Kong Listing Rules
   CIGNA & CMAM:                                              SFO:
   CIGNA & CMB Asset Management Company Limited               Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
                                                              Laws of Hong Kong)
                                                              Model Code:
                                                              Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
                                                              Listed Issuers of Hong Kong Stock Exchange

   Significant Risk Warning

   The Company has disclosed herein the major risks involved in its operations and the proposed risk management measures.
   Please refer to Chapter III for the details in relation to risk management.
China Merchants Bank          Important Notice                                                                                    3

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Important Notice

1. The Board of Directors, Directors and senior management of the Company confirm that the contents in this annual
          report are true, accurate, and complete and have no false representations, misleading statements or material
          omissions, and they will severally and jointly accept legal responsibility for such contents.

2. This report has been reviewed and approved at the Board meeting of the Company held on 27 March 2026. 14
          Directors of the Company attended the meeting in person. Due to business engagement, Deng Renjie, Non-Executive
          Director, was absent from the meeting and appointed Jiang Chaoyang (Non-Executive Director) as his proxy to
          attend the meeting.

3. Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young (both being auditors of the Company) have separately audited the
          2025 annual financial statements prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
          and IFRS Accounting Standards, and have separately issued standard auditing reports with unqualified opinions.

4. Unless otherwise stated, all monetary sums stated in this report are expressed in RMB.

5. Miao Jianmin, Chairman of the Company, Wang Liang, President and Chief Executive Officer, Peng Jiawen, Executive
          Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Board of Directors and Sun Zhihua, the person in charge
          of the Financial Accounting Department, hereby make representations in respect of the truthfulness, accuracy and
          completeness of the financial statements in this report.

6. The Board of Directors of the Company recommended the payment of a cash dividend of RMB2.016 (tax inclusive)
          for every share to ordinary shareholders for the year of 2025. After deducting the 2025 interim cash dividend
          already distributed, the cash dividend per share is RMB1.003 (tax inclusive). In 2025, the Company did not transfer
          any capital reserve into share capital. The implementation of the profit appropriation plan for 2025 is subject to the
          consideration and approval at the 2025 Annual General Meeting.

7. We have included in this report certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position, operating
          results and business development of the Group. We use words such as “will”, “may”, “expect”, “try”, “strive”,
          “plan”, “anticipate”, “aim at”, and similar expressions to indicate forward-looking statements. These statements
          are based on current plans, estimates and projections. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these
          forward-looking statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that these expectations will turn into reality or
          prove to be correct. Therefore, they should not be deemed as the Group’s commitments. Investors should not
          place undue reliance on such statements and should pay attention to investment risks. You are cautioned that such
          forward-looking statements are related to future events or future financial position, business, or other performances
          of the Group, and are subject to a number of uncertainties which may cause substantial differences from those in
          the actual results.
4  China Merchants Bank          Chairman’s Statement

   Annual Report 2025 (H share)

   Chairman’s Statement

   2025 was an extraordinary year. Facing multiple challenges posed by the changing external environment, strong supply
   versus weak demand in the domestic market, and numerous risks in the key sectors, China Merchants Bank (CMB) rose to
   the occasion and strove with all its might, thereby delivering stable and positive operating performance, and achieving “dual
   growth” in both net operating income and profit. Indicators such as net interest margin, proportion of non-interest income,
   return on average equity (ROAE), non-performing loan ratio, and allowance coverage ratio remained in leading positions.
   Our transformation continued to deepen; the operating profitability of our institutions in Hong Kong and overseas was
   significantly improved. The inauguration of CMB Investment (AIC) signified that we had completed the portfolio of key
   licenses. The Bank demonstrated overall strong resilience and operational vitality.

   Looking back at the 14th Five-Year Plan period, we continued to uphold fundamental principles and break new
   grounds, shoulder responsibilities and take proactive actions. By upholding fundamental principles, we stayed true to the
   operating rules of a commercial bank; by breaking new grounds, we maintained our unique strengths in operation; by
   shouldering responsibilities, we made advancements in high-quality development; by taking proactive actions, we secured
   our competitive advantages in the market. We insisted on a coordinated development of quality, profitability and scale,
   continuously enhancing the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy, and yielding new breakthroughs and
   achievements in our high-quality development.

   We promoted high-quality development with strategic transformation, resulting in continuous enhancement of
   our core competitiveness. We resolutely implemented the principle of “two consistencies” while persistently building the
   “Malik Curve” for our transformation and development. We scientifically applied the philosophical principle of “the heavy
   serves as the foundation of the light”, strengthening our capital-heavy business while expanding our capital-light business.
   We reinforced the development of the three vital capabilities of wealth management, digital and intelligent technology,
   and risk management, guiding model innovation with technology innovation, which led to clearer strategies, more resolute
   transformation, and more sustainable development. We successfully navigated the low interest rate challenges, with
   net operating income and net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank demonstrating steady growth, and their
   compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) reaching 3.05% and 9.06% respectively over the past five years; our total assets
   under management (AUM) from retail customers topped RMB17 trillion, with a CAGR exceeding 13% over the same period.
   The proportion of non-interest income remained at a high level in the industry, with the cost-to-income ratio improving
   significantly. We yielded remarkable results in digital and intelligent transformation as we were the first to achieve
   full-scale cloud deployment of systems and data, and established a new infrastructure comprising “cloud + AI + middle
   platform”. We steadily advanced “AI + Finance” initiative, with over 800 AI scenario applications implemented and the
   coverage of intelligent scenarios increased to 50%. We held the bottom line through efforts in risk management and
   control as we insisted on sound and prudent operations. Asset quality remained outstanding, with the non-performing
   loan ratio falling from 1.07% to 0.94%. Risks in key sectors such as real estate have also been effectively prevented and
   resolved. We further consolidated our overall risk and compliance management system as we emphasised comprehensive
   and penetrating management.

   We stayed true to our mission and remained committed to our founding principles, with our core financial
   functions further consolidated. We actively served the national development agenda, with steady growth in the
   scale and proportion of loans to technology finance, green finance, and inclusive finance sectors, and openings of private
   pension accounts totalling over 10 million. Our ability to create multi-dimensional and comprehensive value for
   customers, employees, shareholders, partners, and society continued to enhance. Our performance in customer
   operations reached new heights as the number of our retail customers topped 220 million and that of corporate customers
   reached 3.62 million by the end of the period. We brought greater vitality to our talent team, ranking among the “Best
   Employers in China” for fifteen consecutive years. We delivered sustained and stable returns to our shareholders while
   maintaining the capability of endogenous capital growth. The Bank’s global ranking by Tier 1 capital rose from 17th to 8th,
   and the cash dividend payout ratio increased to 35%. With the successful launch of open platforms such as “Zhao Cai Hao
   (‫ם‬ৌ໮)” and “Zhao Ying Tong (‫ם‬ᙊஷ)”, the Bank’s service ecosystems continued to expand. We actively embraced ESG
   philosophy as we continued to enhance corporate governance, with our MSCI ESG rating standing at AAA level.

   The year 2026 marks the beginning of the 15th Five-Year Plan. As the impact of external environmental changes
   deepens, and uncertainties and instabilities increase, China is accelerating the the establishment of a new development
   pattern, while continuously consolidating and expanding the momentum of steady improvements of its economy. Facing
   strategic opportunities as well as risks and challenges, China Merchants Bank will consolidate its foundation through
   diligent cultivation, adhering to the development patterns of the banking industry, accurately seizing development
   opportunities, and withstanding cyclical fluctuations. We will deepen cultivatation in the real economy with a focus
   on national priorities, vigorously developing technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance, and
   digital finance. We will diligently pursue high-quality development, driving strategic transformation with innovation, and
   building a competitive “moat” through differentiation. We will meticulously address customer needs, adhering to a value-
   creation orientation and refining our specialised service system. We will precisely refine our management, consolidating
   our development foundation while improving our asset-liability management and risk management capabilities.
China Merchants Bank          Chairman’s Statement  5

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Miao Jianmin

Chairman
6  China Merchants Bank          Chairman’s Statement

   Annual Report 2025 (H share)

   The Bank will focus on key priorities and transcend economic cycles by forging “four core drivers” of high-quality
   development. We will strive to maintain the lead in net interest margin, striking a balance between reasonable
   volume growth and effective quality enhancement. Aiming at “a fresh start for our retail banking sector and another stride
   for our corporate banking sector (ཧਯΎ̈೯e࿁ʮΎ൴൳)”, we will focus on optimising asset allocation, strengthening
   asset origination, and enhancing our risk pricing capability. We will put emphasis on financial markets business and strive to
   elevate our cross-regional, cross-product, and cross-strategy investment capabilities. We will elevate our competitiveness
   in extensive wealth management, promoting smooth flow of the value chain which encompasses wealth management,
   asset allocation, featured asset management, and asset custody businesses. We will also strengthen diversified product
   creation and selection of premium market offerings, so as to build an extensive wealth management ecosystem with
   enduring competitive strengths. We will fortify the bottom line of asset quality risk by consolidating a fortress-style
   risk and compliance management system and elevating comprehensive risk management standards. The Bank will advance
   the prevention and mitigation of risks in key areas such as real estate and retail credit in an effective, orderly, and efficient
   manner, while strengthening the collection and disposal of non-performing assets. We will seize the high ground in
   intelligent transformation while maintaining the enthusiasm and vitality for innovation, focusing on building systematic
   competitive advantages in AI, strengthening the technological foundation, constructing capability frameworks, and
   participating in building a collaborative ecosystem. The Bank will drive an all-round upgrade of AI, shifting its role from a
   supporting tool to the core of services, so as to accelerate the building of CMB into an intelligent bank.

   The Bank will stay committed to its mission, serve national interests, and develop new advantages for high-quality
   development. Building on its endowments and leveraging its advantages, the Bank will focus on key areas such as modern
   industrial systems, the high-level scientific and technological self-reliance initiative, a robust domestic market, and high-
   level opening-up, continuously improve our specialised, differentiated, and comprehensive financial services that cover the
   customers’ entire growth journey, so as to achieve shared progress with our customers. We will continuously enhance
   the quality and efficiency of our financial services. The Bank is committed to maintaining strategic resolve, adopting
   a long-term perspective, planning systematically, and advancing holistically to deliver specialised and refined financial
   services. We will prioritise capacity-building of our subsidiaries by optimising mechanisms, increasing investment,
   enhancing empowerment as well as boosting their core capabilities in asset origination, investment research management,
   product creation, and customer service, thereby elevating their operational contributions. We will also strive to build a
   benchmark brand in cross-border financial services. While upholding safety as the bottom line, the Bank will adopt
   various measures based on local circumstances to accelerate high-quality development of overseas institutions. We will also
   expedite the construction of an integrated global service matrix, to better serve Chinese enterprises “going global”, and
   respond to the residents’ needs for cross-border asset allocation.

   With winds blowing strong and tides surging high, we must hoist our sails and brave the waves; with a long
   journey ahead and important responsibilities to shoulder, we must spur forward with determination. Standing
   at the historic starting point of the new journey of the 15th Five-Year Plan, China Merchants Bank will firmly uphold the
   primary task of high-quality development, unite in our shared vision for progress, unleash the power of practical actions,
   uphold fundamental principles and break new grounds with our relentless efforts. We will accelerate building a “moat”
   of differentiated competitive advantages, and forge ahead on the new journey to write a new chapter of high-quality
   development of China Merchants Bank.

   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
   Chairman

   27 March 2026
China Merchants Bank          President’s Statement                                                                              7

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

President’s Statement

2025 was an extraordinary year. Amid a complex business environment at home and abroad, China Merchants Bank
earnestly implemented national macro-economic and financial policies, aligned itself with the requirements of the financial
regulatory authorities, and met the goals set by the Board of Directors. The Bank advanced in depth the strategy of building
a value creation bank, accelerating transformation through the Internationalisation Initiative, the Comprehensive Operation
Initiative, the Differentiation Initiative and the Digitisation and Intelligence Initiative. It was also committed to enhancing
both soft and hard power. As a result, the Bank ushered in a new phase of high-quality development.

Adhering to high-quality development, the Bank achieved steady progress with positive momentum in overall
operations. Guided by the principle of “taking quality first and profitability as priority, while maintaining moderate scale
and reasonable structure”, the Bank continuously reinforced its fortress-style balance sheet. The business scale reached
new heights, with total assets exceeding RMB13 trillion and total deposits from customers reaching nearly RMB10
trillion by the end of the period. The asset quality remained sound, with a non-performing loan ratio of 0.94% and
an allowance coverage ratio of 391.79% by the end of the period, demonstrating robust risk compensation capacity.
The operating profitability improved steadily, with a net operating income of RMB337.273 billion and a net profit
attributable to shareholders of the Bank of RMB150.181 billion during the reporting period, both achieving year-on-
year growth. The business structure remained balanced and reasonable, with the proportion of non-interest income
standing at 36.08%, and retail finance business contributing over 50% to both net operating income and profit. The
capital strength continued to improve, with a common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of 14.16% and total capital
adequacy ratio of 18.24% at the end of the period.

The Bank practised the strategy of “building a value creation bank” for shared prosperity with all stakeholders,
coordinating their interests and creating greater comprehensive value for its customers, employees, shareholders,
partners, and society. We actively practised our core value of “being customer-centric and creating value for
customers”, continuously enhancing our service quality and efficiency. We became a preferred banking partner for an
increasing number of customers, with the number of retail customers and corporate customers surpassing 220 million
and 3.60 million, up by 6.67% and 14.40% from the prior year-end, respectively. The Bank pursued shared progress
and mutual empowerment with its employees, with its workforce surpassing 120,000. We ranked among the Top
10 “Best Employers in China” for 15 consecutive years, and retained the top spot for the past two years. We remained
committed to creating value for shareholders and delivering returns for investors, achieving an ROAA of 1.19%
and ROAE of 13.44% during the reporting period, maintaining relatively strong profitability. During the year, the Company
implemented its first interim dividend distribution, while maintaining a high cash dividend payout ratio above 35% since
2023. We collaborated with partners to achieve win-win outcomes, continuously expanding and strengthening
our partnership network. The influence and appeal of our business ecosystems, which incorporated extensive wealth
management, technology finance, investment banking, and other businesses, continued to grow. We actively fulfilled
social responsibilities, serving the real economy and people’s well-being. The growth rates of loans in technology finance,
green finance, inclusive finance for small- and micro-sized enterprises, and manufacturing industry were all higher than
the average growth rate of the loans granted by the Bank. We also vigorously supported rural revitalisation, embraced ESG
philosophy, and actively engaged in public welfare and charity. The Bank’s MSCI ESG rating remained at the highest level of
AAA.
8  China Merchants Bank          President’s Statement

   Annual Report 2025 (H share)

   The Bank advanced the balanced and coordinated development of its business segments to enhance operational
   stability and sustainability of growth. Maintaining the strategic dominant position of retail finance, we continuously
   advanced the balanced and coordinated development of four major business segments, namely retail finance, corporate
   finance, investment banking and financial markets, and wealth management and asset management. As of the end of
   the reporting period, total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers exceeded RMB17 trillion, representing
   an increment of RMB2 trillion in the year and hitting a record high. Financing products aggregate to corporate customers
   (FPA) reached RMB6.73 trillion, up by 11.08% as compared with the beginning of the year. We remained market-leading
   positions in bond underwriting, M&A loans, financial markets, bill business and other sectors. The number of retail clients
   covered by the “CMB TREE Asset Allocation Service System” increased by 13.31% as compared with the prior year-end.
   The total scale of asset management business reached RMB4.71 trillion1, while the scale of assets under custody exceeded
   RMB26 trillion. We achieved mutual reinforcement between retail finance and corporate finance, coordination between on-
   and off-balance-sheet businesses, and balance between capital-heavy and capital-light businesses.

   The Bank accelerated transformation through the “Four Initiatives” with notable enhancement in its
   comprehensive operating capabilities. We expedited transformation through the Internationalisation Initiative, the
   Comprehensive Operation Initiative, the Differentiation Initiative and the Digitisation and Intelligence Initiative, continuously
   strengthening our ability to navigate economic cycles. The Bank’s international development progressed steadily
   and rapidly. At the end of the period, total assets of overseas institutions2 increased by 12.88% from the prior year-
   end, with net operating income growing by 33.78% year-on-year during the reporting period. We were among the top
   market players in businesses including the Cross-Border Wealth Management Connect, Payment Connect, international
   balance of payments for corporate customers, client flow tradings of financial markets, and offshore custody. The Bank’s
   comprehensive operations improved in both quality and effectiveness. It reinforced synergy mechanisms and stepped
   up consolidated management and empowerment for its subsidiaries. CMB Investment was successfully inaugurated, while
   market competitiveness of our subsidiaries continued to improve. As of the end of the period, the total assets of major
   subsidiaries3 amounted to RMB952.839 billion, up by 11.43% from the prior year-end, and their contribution to the total
   operating income of the Group reached 12.26% during the reporting period, up by 1.96 percentage points year-on-
   year. The Bank’s differentiated development was continuously deepened as it vigorously implemented development
   strategies in key regions, promoting featured services and strengths of CMB in key regions and boosting featured
   contributions from key regions. We developed new competitive advantages in specialised businesses, and continuously
   innovated featured development in areas such as technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, digital finance,
   retirement finance, intelligent manufacturing finance, and automobile finance. We deepened customer service models
   featuring “One Entire Bank for One Customer”, “Domestic + Overseas Synergies”, and “Integration of Investment Banking
   and Commercial Banking”, while stepping up product innovation. We launched China’s first RMB-settled MasterCard
   International debit card, China’s first batch of technology innovation bonds, and iterated new financing products such
   as Zhao Qi Dai (‫ם‬Ά൲), and Sci-tech Loan (߅௴൲). The Bank pressed ahead with transformation through the
   Digitisation and Intelligence Initiative as it put the “AI First” philosophy into practice and continuously consolidated
   the digital and intelligent foundation of “cloud + AI + middle platform”. Average daily Tokens throughput increased by
   10.1 times as compared to 2024, with 183 specialised and refined domain-specific models being adopted and 856 scenario
   applications being deployed. We upgraded “Xiao Zhao (ʃ‫ ”)ם‬for intelligent customer services and developed a series of
   intelligent assistants named “Xiao Zhu (ʃп)”, accelerating the exploration of “people + digital intelligence” operation and
   service models to continuously improve service efficiency and customer experience.

   1  Refers to the total scale of asset management business of CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund, CIGNA & CMAM and CMB International

      Capital, all being subsidiaries of the Company.

   2  The data for overseas institutions is presented before elimination on consolidation.

   3  Including CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB International Capital, CMB Financial Leasing, China Merchants Fund, CMB Wealth Management, CMB Europe S.A.,

      CIGNA & CMAM and CMB Investment.
China Merchants Bank          President’s Statement  9

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Wang Liang

President and Chief Executive Officer
10  China Merchants Bank          President’s Statement

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    The Bank steadfastly adhered to a risk-oriented approach, continuously fortifying a fortress-style risk and
    compliance management system. We reinforced comprehensive risk management by optimising risk management
    across domestic and overseas branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries, aiming to ensure that all risks remain stable
    and controllable, while consistently expanding the coverage, depth, and precision of our risk management efforts. We
    proactively addressed risk challenges in real estate, local government hidden debt, and retail loans by enhancing forward-
    looking risk screening and dynamically adjusting risk control strategies to effectively prevent and mitigate risks in key areas.
    We strengthened the development of digital and intelligent risk control systems and steadily advanced AI applications. We
    intensified efforts to recover non-performing assets and minimise risk losses. Internal control and compliance management
    were strengthened. By carrying out the “Compliance Performance Year” initiative, we embedded a compliance culture
    throughout the Bank.

    The Bank pursued excellence in management, which served as robust safeguards for healthy and sustainable
    development. We promoted a “standardised, refined, empowering, systematic and scientific” management system
    to continuously consolidate our foundations. We continuously strengthened asset-liability management to solidify our
    advantages of low-cost liabilities, maintaining an industry-leading level of net interest margin. We continuously deepened
    the holistic cost management, retaining necessary expenses and reducing those with lower priority, reducing costs and
    enhancing efficiency. Operation management was reinforced, driving upgrades towards an intelligent operation model
    driven by digital intelligence. We continued to optimise customer service management, refining the segmentation and
    classification-based service system, and strengthening consumer rights protection. Therefore, we achieved sustained
    improvement in customer experience. Organisational structure was optimised by establishing the Technology Finance
    Department at the Head Office and deepening systematic reforms at the branch level. Aiming to build a “professional,
    diverse, market-driven, and international” talent team, we introduced diverse and targeted training programs and
    encouraged various professional certifications. We promoted an organic integration between the financial culture with
    Chinese characteristics and CMB’s corporate culture, promoting positive values, business philosophy, and corporate culture.
    As a result, our management staff and employees demonstrated stronger commitments to loving, cherishing, protecting
    and dedicating themselves to CMB.

    The year 2025 marked the conclusion of the 14th Five-Year Plan. The past five years have also been extraordinary and
    highly eventful in the history of China Merchants Bank. We have navigated unprecedented trials and challenges such as
    the once-in-a-century pandemic, the outbreak of risks related to the property development industry, global geopolitical
    conflicts and trade frictions, low interest rate environment, and insufficient effective credit demand, etc. With the strong
    support from governments at all levels, regulatory authorities, customers, investors, partners, and all sectors of society,
    our management actively implemented the strategic plans set by the Board of Directors. Guided by the strategic goal of
    building a value creation bank, the Bank’s management led high-quality development and adhered to the principle of
    making progress while maintaining stability, reinforcing stability through progress, and maintaining a positive momentum of
    growth. Over past five years, the Bank’s total assets successively hit the milestones of RMB10 trillion, RMB11 trillion, RMB12
    trillion and RMB13 trillion. Our retail and corporate customer bases grew by 41.77% and 62.21%, respectively. The assets
    under management (AUM) nearly doubled and the financing products aggregate to corporate customers (FPA) increased by
    approximately 60%. The Bank maintained outstanding asset quality, with its non-performing loan ratios remaining below
    1% and declining steadily. The risk compensation capacity was robust. The net operating income and net profit attributable
    to shareholders of the Bank recorded CAGRs of 3.05% and 9.06%, respectively, and ROAA and ROAE remained among
    the highest in the industry. The Bank maintained endogenous capital growth, with a significant improvement in both
    the common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and the total capital adequacy ratio under the Advanced Measurement
    Approach and the Weighted Approach. Our global ranking by Tier 1 capital among the world’s top 1,000 banks moved up
    from 17th to 8th. In the past five years, we distributed more than RMB200 billion in cash dividends and contributed over
    RMB300 billion in taxes. Over the past five years, we made steady progress along the path of high-quality development.
    Our fortress-style balance sheet had grown even stronger; our value creation capability had continued to improve; and our
    overall strength, competitiveness, and market influence had all been further enhanced. Therefore, I would like to express my
    heartfelt gratitude to all those from various sectors and our customers who supported and cared for CMB’s development,
    as well as to the 120,000 dedicated CMBers and their families.

    The year 2026 marks the beginning of the 15th Five-Year Plan. For the banking industry, it is a period in which strategic
    opportunities and risks coexist, with opportunities outweighing the challenges. China’s modernisation has entered a critical
    stage of consolidating foundations and striving for all-round progress. The pursuit of high-quality economic development
    and the building of a strong financial powerhouse present broad prospects for the banking industry. Meanwhile, a new
    round of technological revolution and industrial transformation accelerated, together with the continued adjustments
    in economic, industrial, and financing structures, which further encouraged banks to speed up their transformation and
    upgrading. Furthermore, the wave of Chinese enterprises “going global” places higher demands for Chinese banks to refine
    their international financial service capabilities. The low interest rate environment has become the biggest “grey rhino”
    for the banking industry. The increasingly complex and severe risk landscape is putting banks’ resilience and capacity for
    sustainable development to the test.
China Merchants Bank          President’s Statement                                                                            11

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

2026 marks the 39th anniversary of the establishment of CMB, as we are approaching a stage of growth with greater
maturity and clearer vision. Forging into our 40th year, we will adhere to our founding mission, and draw on our
internal certainty to navigate external uncertainties. We will continue to maintain coordinated development of quality,
profitability and scale, and remain steadfast in our core value of “being customer-centric and creating value for customers”.
We are committed to innovation-driven and differentiated development, upholding technological advancement and talent-
driven strategy, pursuing market-based operation and professionalism, maintaining a prudent and sound risk management
culture, and embracing long-term perspectives. We aim to make extraordinary achievements through perseverance in every
detail, and elevate ourselves beyond excellence by taking earlier, faster, better, and more enduring actions.

We will accelerate our transformation and stay firmly on the path of high-quality development. By benchmarking
ourselves against the world-class commercial banks, we will accelerate our transformation through the Internationalisation
Initiative, the Comprehensive Operation Initiative, the Differentiation Initiative, and the Digitisation and Intelligence
Initiative, so as to build a diversified and sustainable business structure and consolidate our fortress-style risk and
compliance management system. We will expand and consolidate our competitive moat by continuously enhancing our
overall strength, competitiveness, and development capabilities. We will strive to become a commercial bank distinguished
by outstanding performance, industry-leading products, best-in-class services, and an exceptional brand.

We will stride forward with unwavering commitment to shaping the CMB model in the new era. Born out of reform
and prospering with the times, China Merchants Bank represents a product of reform and innovation. Upon inception, we
gained reputation as the “CMB Model” for a series of pioneering initiatives. Standing at a new historical juncture, we must
keep pace with the times through continuous innovation, so as to generate more vitality and achieve lasting growth. We
will deepen the reform of the modern enterprise system, improve our modern corporate governance framework as well as
the market-oriented incentive and restraint mechanisms. We aim to build a high-quality development model characterized
by “adopting strict management, upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground”, a business model featuring
balanced and coordinated growth across the four major business segments, and an operation and service model that
integrates “people + digital intelligence”, driving high-quality development through model innovation.

Only by understanding our founding mission and clarifying our future directions, can we stride firmly towards our targets.
As we enter the 40th year of development, we will move forward with clearer goals, stronger confidence, and unwavering
determination. We will ride the momentum to scale new heights, advancing step by step to make continuous progress.
We will unite our strength to propel long-term, dynamic development, contributing to Chinese modernisation and the
construction of a financial powerhouse, while continuing a brand-new chapter in the high-quality development of China
Merchants Bank.

China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
President and Chief Executive Officer

27 March 2026
12  China Merchants Bank          Chapter I Company Information

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Company Information

    1.1 Company Profile

              1.1.1 Registered Company Name in Chinese: ‫ם‬ਠვБٰ΅Ϟࠢʮ̡(Abbreviated Name in Chinese: ‫ם‬ਠვБ)
                        Registered Company Name in English: China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

    1.1.2  Legal Representative: Miao Jianmin
           Authorised Representatives: Wang Liang, Peng Jiawen
           Secretary of the Board of Directors: Peng Jiawen
           Joint Company Secretaries: Peng Jiawen, Ho Wing Tsz Wendy
           Securities Representative: Xia Yangfang

    1.1.3 Registered and Office Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province,
              China

    1.1.4  Contact Details:
           Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China
           Postcode: 518040
           Tel: +86 755 8319 8888
           Fax: +86 755 8319 5555
           E-mail: cmb@cmbchina.com
           Website: www.cmbchina.com
           Customer complaint hotline: 95555-7
           Credit card complaint hotline: +86 400 820 5555-7

    1.1.5 Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong: 31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central,
              Hong Kong, the PRC

    1.1.6 Share Listing:

              A Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                            Abbreviated Name of A Shares: ‫ם‬ਠვБ
                            Stock Code: 600036

              H Shares: SEHK
                            Abbreviated Name of H Shares: CM BANK
                            Stock Code: 03968

              Domestic Preference Shares: Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                         Abbreviated Name of Shares: ‫ם‬ვᎴ1
                                                         Stock Code: 360028
China Merchants Bank          Chapter I Company Information                                                               13

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

1.1.7  Domestic Auditor: Ernst & Young Hua Ming
                                   Office Address: Room 01-12, 17/F, Ernst & Young Tower, Oriental Plaza,
                                   No.1 East Chang’an Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing, the PRC
                                   Signing Certified Public Accountants: Feng Suoteng, Fan Xun

       International Auditor: Ernst & Young
                                         Office Address: 27/F, One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong,
                                         the PRC

1.1.8 Legal Advisor as to PRC Law: JunHe LLP
          Legal Advisor as to Hong Kong Law: Herbert Smith Freehills Kramer

1.1.9 Registrar for A Shares:
          China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd., Shanghai Branch
          Address: 188 South-Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, the PRC
          Tel: +86 4008 058 058
          Share Register and Transfer Office as to H Shares:
          Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Ltd.
          Address: Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the PRC
          Tel: +852 2862 8555
          Registrar for Domestic Preference Shares: China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Ltd.,
          Shanghai Branch

1.1.10 Newspapers and Websites Designated for Information Disclosure:

       The Chinese mainland: “China Securities Journal” (www.cs.com.cn), “Securities Times” (www.stcn.com),
                                          “Shanghai Securities News” (www.cnstock.com)

                              website of Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn)

                              website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)

       Hong Kong:             website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkex.com.hk)

                              website of the Company (www.cmbchina.com)

       Place for maintenance of periodic reports: Office of the Board of Directors of the Company and principal
       place of business of the Company
14  China Merchants Bank          Chapter I Company Information

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    1.2 Corporate Business Overview

              Founded in 1987, the Company is headquartered in Shenzhen, China. The branches of the Company are mainly
              located in major cities in the Chinese mainland, as well as international financial centres such as China’s Hong Kong,
              New York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney. The Company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
              in April 2002 and the SEHK in September 2006.

              The Company provides customers with various wholesale and retail banking products and services, and maintains
              financial markets businesses for proprietary purpose and client flow trading. Many innovative products and services
              of the Company have been well accepted by the market. Retail banking services include the account, payment
              and settlement services based on the “All-in-one” multifunction debit card and credit card, segmentation and
              classification-based wealth management services including the “Sunflower Wealth Management” services and
              private banking services, retail credit services, CMB APP, CMB Life APP, “All-in-one Net” comprehensive online
              banking service platform, and other online services. Wholesale banking services include payment and settlement,
              wealth management, investment and financing and digital services, cash management, technology finance, green
              finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance, digital finance, supply chain finance and cross-border finance services,
              asset management, asset custody and investment banking services etc. The Company continues to tap further into
              the living and business circles of customers to provide customers with customised, intelligent and comprehensive
              solutions for their supply chains and investment chains.

              The Company has come up with the strategic vision of “building the best value creation bank that is innovation-
              driven, model-leading, and distinctive in features” based on the internal and external situation and its own
              development. In line with the trends of Chinese modernisation, economic globalisation, a new wave of technological
              revolution and industrial upgrade, the Company consistently enhances its quality and efficiency in serving the
              real economy and social well-being, accelerates transformation through “the Internationalisation Initiative, the
              Comprehensive Operation Initiative, the Differentiation Initiative, and the Digitisation and Intelligence Initiative”, and
              strives to create more value for customers, employees, shareholders, partners and society, with the aim of making
              greater contributions to Chinese modernisation and the construction of a financial powerhouse.

    1.3 Development Strategies

    Strategic vision:             We are committed to building the best value creation bank that is innovation-driven,
    Strategic objectives:         model-leading, and distinctive in features.

    Core value:                   Building a value creation bank. The Company upholds the philosophy of win-win in
    Strategic focus:              business and business for common good, aiming to become a world-class commercial bank
                                  in pursuit of maximising the comprehensive value of customers, employees, shareholders,
                                  partners and the society.

                                  Being customer-centric and creating value for customers.

                                  Rooted in the needs of the nation, the expectations of customers, and the capabilities
                                  of China Merchants Bank, the Company insists on the coordinated development of
                                  quality, profitability and scale. The Company will deepen its transformation through the
                                  Internationalisation Initiative, the Comprehensive Operation Initiative, the Differentiation
                                  Initiative, and the Digitisation and Intelligence Initiative, and strive to create a high-
                                  quality development model characterised by “adopting strict management, upholding
                                  fundamental principles and breaking new ground (ᘌࣸ၍ଣeς͍௴อ)”. The Company
                                  will uphold the strategic dominant position of retail finance while persistently promoting
                                  the balanced and coordinated development of four major sectors, namely retail finance,
                                  corporate finance, investment banking and financial markets, and wealth management and
                                  asset management. Focusing on building core capabilities in wealth management, digital
                                  and intelligent technology, and risk management, the Company will actively promote the
                                  continuous evolution of its organisational culture.

                                  Expanding wealth management business and accelerating the transformation of
                                  the business model. The Company will continue to deliver growth in both total assets
                                  under management (AUM) from retail customers and the financing products aggregate to
                                  corporate customers (FPA).
China Merchants Bank          Chapter I Company Information                                                                  15

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

                              Advancing digital and intelligent technology and developing the Bank with
                              technology. Focusing on the goal of online, data-based, intelligent, platform-based and
                              ecological operation, the Company will comprehensively promote the digital reshaping
                              of financial infrastructure and capability system, customers and channels, businesses and
                              products, management and decision-making, while actively exploring the new mode of
                              “AI + Finance”, embracing the “AI First” philosophy, and deeply implementing the “AI+”
                              initiative, with the aim of developing CMB into an intelligent bank.

                              Strengthening risk management and continuously building a fortress-style risk and
                              compliance management system. Adhering to the sound and prudent risk management
                              principle, the Company will strive to fortify the four pillars of its fortress-style risk and
                              compliance management system, i.e., a sound and effective organisational structure,
                              a sound and prudent evaluation system, an independent and balanced process and
                              institutional framework, and an intelligent and efficient management information system.

                              Pursuing the core values and building the cultural and organisational foundation
                              for a value creation bank. Firstly, the Company will uphold and enhance CMB’s
                              corporate culture focusing on entrepreneurship, service quality, innovation, risk
                              management, compliance, management excellence, people-orientation and honesty, with
                              an aim to create a vibrant and evolving cultural system. Secondly, the Company will build
                              a team for serving its strategies and creating value together, providing organisational
                              support and talent foundations for a value creation bank. Thirdly, the Company will
                              actively implement sustainable development principles in serving the real economy, actively
                              fulfilling environmental and social responsibilities, and enhancing the standard of its
                              corporate governance.

1.4 Honours and Awards

In 2025, the Company received a number of honours and awards from organisations both at home and abroad,
including:

•  The Company ranked 10th globally in “The Top 500 Banking Brands 2025” released by Brand Finance, a

   brand value evaluation and consulting organisation, in March 2025.

•  In June 2025, Extel (formerly UK-based magazine Institutional Investor), an international financial ranking

   institution, released the results of the “2025 All-Asia Executive Team”. The Company won several awards,

   including “Asia’s Most Honoured Company”, “Best Board of Directors”, “Best CEO”, “Best CFO”, “Best IR

   Team”, “Best ESG Company” and “Best IR Program”, becoming the bank with the highest overall ranking

   and the most awards in the Asian region.

•  In June 2025, The Asian Banker magazine released the results of its awards programme. The Company won

   twelve awards, including the “Best Retail Bank in China”, “Best Wealth Management Bank in China”, “Best

   Custody Bank in China” and “Best Joint-stock Transaction Bank in China”.

•  In July 2025, The Banker (UK) released the list of “Top 1,000 World Banks 2025”. The Company ranked 8th

   globally in terms of Tier 1 capital scale, moving up two places from the previous year.

•  In July 2025, the Company was honoured as the “Asia’s Best Bank for Consumers”, “Best Digital Bank in

   China”, and other awards at the “2025 Awards for Excellence” ceremony staged by Euromoney (UK).

•  The list of Fortune Global 500 was officially released in July 2025, on which the Company ranked 193rd and

   has been named to the list for 14 consecutive years.

•  In October 2025, the Company was honoured as the “Best M&A Bank” and other awards at the “Stars of

   China 2025” ceremony staged by Global Finance (USA).

•  In December 2025, The Asian Banker magazine released the results of its awards programme. The Company

   was honoured as the “Best Managed Bank in China” in the Leadership Achievement Awards in 2025 and

   “Best Private Bank in China” in the Wealth and Society Awards.

•  In December 2025, the Company won the first place in the “Best Employers in China”, and was honoured as

   the “Most Admired Employer by Women” and “Most Socially Responsible Employer” at the awards ceremony

   for the “Best Employer in China 2025” jointly organised by Zhaopin.com, Institute of Social Science Survey,

   Peking University and other organisations, making it the only institution among all participating enterprises

   to win three major accolades. The Company has been shortlisted in the top 10 list of Best Employers in China

   of the Year for 15 consecutive years.
16  China Merchants Bank          Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Summary of Accounting Data and
    Financial Indicators

    2.1 Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators of the Group

    (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)            2025              2024                                                       Changes
                                                                                                                                                 +/-%
    Operating Results                                       337,273           337,121
    Net operating income(1)                                 178,993           178,652                                                             0.05
    Profit before tax                                       150,181           148,391                                                             0.19
    Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                                                                           1.21
                                                                 5.70              5.66
    Per Share (RMB yuan)                                         5.70              5.66                                                           0.71
    Basic earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders                                                                                          0.71

       of the Bank(2)
    Diluted earnings attributable to ordinary shareholders

       of the Bank

    (in millions of RMB, unless otherwise specified)        31 December       31 December                                                    Changes
                                                                        2025             2024                                                    +/-%
    Volume Indicators
    Total assets                                            13,070,523        12,152,036                                                          7.56
                                                             7,258,058         6,888,315                                                          5.37
       of which: total loans and advances to customers(3)                                                                                         7.98
    Total liabilities                                       11,789,624        10,918,561                                                          8.13
                                                             9,836,130         9,096,587                                                          3.82
       of which: total deposits from customers(3)            1,272,875         1,226,014
    Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                                                                         4.75
    Net assets per share attributable to ordinary                   43.43             41.46

       shareholders of the Bank (RMB yuan)(2)

    Notes:

    (1) Net operating income is the sum of net interest income, net fee and commission income, other net income as well as share of profits of joint
          ventures and associates.

    (2) When calculating the indicators such as basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary shareholders, return on average equity and net assets per
          share, dividends on the preference shares and interests on perpetual bonds shall be deducted from “net profit attributable to shareholders of the
          Bank”, while the preference shares and perpetual bonds shall be deducted from both the “average equity” and the “net assets”.

    (3) Unless otherwise stated, the balance of the relevant financial instrument items herein and set out below excludes accrued interest.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators                                                             17

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

2.2 Financial Ratios of the Group

(%)                                                    2025                                            2024                     Changes

Profitability indicators                                1.19                                            1.28       Decreased by 0.09
Return on average assets attributable to shareholders  13.44                                           14.49         percentage point

   of the Bank                                          1.78                                            1.86       Decreased by 1.05
Return on average equity attributable to ordinary       1.87                                            1.98       percentage points
                                                                                                                   Decreased by 0.08
   shareholders of the Bank                            63.92                                           62.67         percentage point
                                                       36.08                                           37.33       Decreased by 0.11
Net interest spread(1)                                 32.01                                           31.92         percentage point

Net interest margin(2)                                                                                              Increased by 1.25
As percentage of net operating income                                                                              percentage points
                                                                                                                   Decreased by 1.25
   – Net interest income                                                                                           percentage points
                                                                                                                    Increased by 0.09
   – Net non-interest income                                                                                         percentage point

Cost-to-income ratio(3)

(%)                                                    31 December                                31 December                              Changes over
                                                                   2025                                      2024                         2024 year-end
Capital adequacy indicators under the Advanced
   Measurement Approach(4)                              14.16                                          14.86       Decreased by 0.70
                                                        16.51                                          17.48         percentage point
Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio             18.24                                          19.05
                                                                                                       10.15       Decreased by 0.97
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                             9.80                                                       percentage point

Capital adequacy ratio                                    0.94                                                     Decreased by 0.81
                                                       391.79                                                        percentage point
Equity to total assets
Asset quality indicators                                  3.68                                                     Decreased by 0.35
                                                                                                                     percentage point
Non-performing loan ratio
Allowance coverage ratio(5)                                                                               0.95      Decreased by 0.01
Allowance-to-loan ratio(6)                                                                             411.98         percentage point

                                                                                                          3.92     Decreased by 20.19
                                                                                                                     percentage points
                                                                                                                    Decreased by 0.24
                                                                                                                      percentage point

Credit cost ratio(7)                                   2025                                            2024                     Changes
                                                       0.60                                            0.65
                                                                                                                   Decreased by 0.05
                                                                                                                     percentage point

Notes:

(1) Net interest spread = average yield of the total interest-earning assets – average cost ratio of total interest-bearing liabilities.

(2) Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.

(3) Cost-to-income ratio = operating expenses/net operating income. The numerator does not include taxes and surcharges and the depreciation
      charges on fixed assets under operating lease and investment properties and others.

(4) As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy
      ratio under the Weighted Approach were 11.92%, 13.90% and 15.00% respectively.

(5) Allowance coverage ratio = allowances for impairment losses/balance of non-performing loans.

(6) Allowance-to-loan ratio = allowances for impairment losses/total loans and advances to customers.

(7) Credit cost ratio = expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers/the average of total loans and advances to customers, the average
      of total loans and advances to customers = (total loans and advances to customers at the beginning of the period + total loans and advances to
      customers at the end of the period)/2.
18  China Merchants Bank          Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    2.3 Five-year Financial Summary of the Group

    (in millions of RMB)                              2025           2024           2023                  2022          2021

    Results for the year                          337,273        337,121        339,078               344,740      331,407
    Net operating income                          118,505        117,650        120,991               122,061      116,879
    Operating expenses
    Impairment losses                               39,775         40,819         41,469                57,566       66,355
    Profit before tax                             178,993        178,652        176,618               165,113      148,173
    Net profit attributable to shareholders       150,181        148,391        146,602               138,012      119,922

       of the Bank                                   2.016          2.000          1.972                 1.738         1.522
                                                       5.70           5.66           5.63                  5.26         4.61
    (RMB yuan)                                         5.70           5.66           5.63                  5.26         4.61

    Per Share                                        43.43          41.46          36.71                 32.71         29.01
    Dividend (tax inclusive)
    Basic earnings attributable to ordinary         25,220         25,220         25,220                25,220       25,220
                                               1,280,899      1,233,475      1,085,729                954,238      865,681
       shareholders of the Bank               11,789,624     10,918,561      9,942,754             9,184,674     8,383,340
    Diluted earnings attributable to           9,836,130      9,096,587      8,155,438             7,535,742     6,347,078
                                              13,070,523     12,152,036     11,028,483            10,138,912     9,249,021
       ordinary shareholders of the Bank       7,258,058      6,888,315      6,508,865             6,051,459     5,570,034
    Year-end net assets attributable to
                                                       1.19           1.28           1.39                  1.42         1.36
       ordinary shareholders of the Bank             13.44          14.49          16.22                 17.06         16.96
                                                     32.01          31.92          32.97                 32.89         33.11
    (in millions of RMB)
                                                       0.94           0.95           0.95                  0.96          0.91
    Year end                                           0.60           0.65           0.74                  0.78          0.70
    Share capital
    Total shareholders’ equity                        14.16          14.86         13.73                 13.68         12.66
    Total liabilities                                 16.51          17.48         16.01                 15.75         14.94
    Deposits from customers                           18.24          19.05         17.88                 17.77         17.48
    Total assets
    Total loans and advances to customers

    (%)

    Key Financial Ratios
    Return on average assets attributable to

       shareholders of the Bank
    Return on average equity attributable to

       ordinary shareholders of the Bank
    Cost-to-income ratio
    Non-performing loan ratio
    Credit cost ratio
    Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy

       ratio under the Advanced Measurement
       Approach
    Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio under the
       Advanced Measurement Approach
    Capital adequacy ratio under the
       Advanced Measurement Approach
Building a
value creation
bank to create

diversified value
20  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Management Discussion and Analysis

    3.1 Analysis of Overall Operation

    3.1.1 External economic situation and industry development

              In 2025, China’s economy confronted complex challenges, but still delivered a successful completion to the 14th
              Five Year Plan, with GDP surpassing RMB140 trillion for the first time, achieving a growth rate of 5.0%. Supply-side
              recovery accelerated, while external demand maintained robust expansion. The transition from old to new growth
              drivers accelerated, and prices recorded a moderate recovery.

              In 2025, China’s banking industry was committed to enhancing the suitability of financial services, actively
              integrating into the development of a modern industrial system, and fully nurturing the fertile ground for the
              development of new quality productive forces. Facing pressures from further narrowing interest margins, insufficient
              domestic demand, and the persistent drag of the real estate sector on investment and consumption, the banking
              industry adhered to sound operations, maintained relatively stable growth in asset scale, and kept risk, profitability,
              capital, and other regulatory indicators broadly stable.

    3.1.2 Summary of operations

              In 2025, the Group adhered to the coordinated development of quality, profitability and scale, took the strategic
              target of building a value creation bank and carried out various businesses in a sound manner. Both the scale of
              assets and liabilities grew steadily. The operating profitability demonstrated positive momentum while maintaining
              stability, and the asset quality was stable.

              During the reporting period, the Group realised the net operating income of RMB337.273 billion, representing a
              year-on-year increase of 0.05%, of which net interest income amounted to RMB215.593 billion, representing a
              year-on-year increase of 2.04%; net non-interest income amounted to RMB121.680 billion, representing a year-on-
              year decrease of 3.31%; and net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank amounted to RMB150.181 billion,
              representing a year-on-year increase of 1.21%. The return on average asset (ROAA) attributable to shareholders of
              the Bank and the return on average equity (ROAE) attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank were 1.19%
              and 13.44%, down by 0.09 percentage point and 1.05 percentage points year-on-year, respectively.

              As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB13,070.523 billion, representing
              an increase of 7.56% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total loans and advances to customers
              amounted to RMB7,258.058 billion, representing an increase of 5.37% as compared with the end of the previous
              year. Total liabilities amounted to RMB11,789.624 billion, representing an increase of 7.98% as compared with
              the end of the previous year. Total deposits from customers amounted to RMB9,836.130 billion, representing an
              increase of 8.13% as compared with the end of the previous year.

              As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a balance of non-performing loans of RMB68.206 billion,
              representing an increase of RMB2.596 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing
              loan ratio was 0.94%, representing a decrease of 0.01 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
              year. The allowance coverage ratio was 391.79%, representing a decrease of 20.19 percentage points as compared
              with the end of the previous year; the allowance-to-loan ratio was 3.68%, representing a decrease of 0.24
              percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                              21

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.2 Analysis of Income Statement

3.2.1 Financial highlights

During the reporting period, the Group realised a profit before tax of RMB178.993 billion, representing a year-on-
year increase of 0.19%. The effective income tax rate was 15.57%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.71
percentage point. The following table sets out the major income/loss items of the Group for the periods indicated.

(in millions of RMB)                                                                           2025         2024

Net interest income                                                                        215,593      211,277
Net fee and commission income                                                               75,258       72,094
Other net income                                                                            40,949       51,118
Operating expenses
Expected credit losses                                                                    (118,505)    (117,650)
Impairment losses on other assets                                                          (39,586)     (39,976)
Share of profits of joint ventures and associates                                               (189)        (843)
Profit before tax                                                                             5,473        2,632
Income tax                                                                                 178,993      178,652
Net profit                                                                                 (27,867)     (29,093)
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                        151,126      149,559
                                                                                           150,181      148,391

3.2.2 Net operating income

          During the reporting period, the Group realised the net operating income of RMB337.273 billion, representing a
          year-on-year increase of 0.05%, of which net interest income accounted for 63.92%, and net non-interest income
          accounted for 36.08% with a year-on-year decrease of 1.25 percentage points.

3.2.3 Interest income

During the reporting period, the Group recorded an interest income of RMB351.351 billion, representing a year-on-
year decrease of 6.12%, mainly due to the declined yields on interest-earning assets. Interest income from loans and
advances to customers continued to be the largest component of the interest income of the Group.

Interest income from loans and advances to customers

During the reporting period, the interest income from loans and advances to customers of the Group was
RMB233.547 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 10.37%, mainly due to the decline in loan yields.

The following table sets forth the average balance (daily average balance, same as below), interest income and
average yield of each component of loans and advances to customers of the Group for the periods indicated.

(in millions of RMB,              Average            2025      Average          Average   2024         Average
except for percentages)            balance                     yield (%)         balance               yield (%)
                                                     Interest                              Interest
Corporate loans                  3,044,925            income         2.81     2,746,039    income           3.40
Retail loans                     3,660,919                           3.94     3,533,131                     4.58
Discounted bills                                       85,688        1.23                   93,282          1.43
                                   289,117           144,315                    387,017   161,740
Loans and advances to customers                                      3.34                                   3.91
                                 6,994,961              3,544                 6,666,187      5,551

                                                     233,547                              260,573

During the reporting period, from the perspective of the maturity structure of loans and advances to customers of
the Group, the average balance of short-term loans was RMB2,666.266 billion with the interest income amounting
to RMB102.528 billion, and the average yield reached 3.85%; the average balance of medium- and long-term
loans was RMB4,328.695 billion with the interest income amounting to RMB131.019 billion, and the average yield
reached 3.03%. The average yield of short-term loans was higher than that of medium- and long-term loans, which
was mainly attributable to the relatively higher yield of credit card loans and consumer loans (as short-term loans)
and the higher proportion thereof.
22  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

       Interest income from investments

       During the reporting period, the interest income from investments of the Group was RMB91.477 billion, representing
       a year-on-year increase of 7.72%, which was mainly influenced by the investment volume. The average yield of
       investments was 2.82%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 26 basis points, which was mainly attributable to
       the impact of the falling market interest rates.

       Interest income from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions

       During the reporting period, the interest income of the Group from balances and placements with banks and other
       financial institutions was RMB17.463 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.46%, which was mainly
       attributable to the impact of the falling market interest rates. The average yield of balances and placements with
       banks and other financial institutions was 2.24%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 56 basis points.

    3.2.4 Interest expense

       During the reporting period, the interest expense of the Group was RMB135.758 billion, representing a year-on-year
       decrease of 16.71%, mainly due to the decrease in the cost ratio of the interest-bearing liabilities.

       Interest expense on deposits from customers

       During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB107.869 billion,
       representing a year-on-year decrease of 17.55%, mainly due to the decrease in the cost ratio of the deposits from
       customers.

       The following table sets forth the average balances, interest expenses and average cost ratios of the deposits from
       corporate and retail customers of the Group for the periods indicated.

       (in millions of RMB,                Average   2025       Average           Average  2024                                                 Average
       except for percentages)              balance            cost ratio         balance                                                      cost ratio
                                                     Interest                               Interest
       Deposits from corporate customers  2,552,842  expense          (%)                  expense                                                    (%)
          Demand                          2,492,472
          Time                            5,045,314  13,323    0.52 2,488,102                20,762                                                 0.83
                                                     48,692    1.95 2,305,745                56,547                                                 2.45
          Subtotal                        1,993,112                                          77,309                                                 1.61
                                          2,164,074  62,015    1.23 4,793,847
       Deposits from retail customers     4,157,186                                           3,903                                                 0.22
          Demand                          9,202,500     1,394  0.07 1,798,328                49,612                                                 2.58
          Time                                        44,460   2.05 1,923,491                53,515                                                 1.44
                                                      45,854   1.10 3,721,819              130,824                                                  1.54
          Subtotal                                   107,869   1.17 8,515,666

       Total

       Interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions and other
       amounts

       During the reporting period, the interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and other financial
       institutions and other amounts4 of the Group amounted to RMB20.001 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease
       of 0.42%, which was primarily attributable to the year-on-year decrease of cost ratio of deposits and placements
       from banks and other financial institutions.

       Interest expense on debt securities issued

       During the reporting period, the interest expense on debt securities issued of the Group amounted to RMB5.383
       billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 29.69%, mainly due to the year-on-year decrease of scale of debt
       securities issued.

    4  Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions and other amounts include deposits from banks and other financial institutions,

       placements from banks and other financial institutions, amounts sold under repurchase agreements and lease liabilities, same as below.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                              23

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.2.5 Net interest income

During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest income amounted to RMB215.593 billion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 2.04%.

The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expense and average yield/cost ratio of
assets and liabilities items of the Group for the periods indicated.

(in millions of RMB,                    Average      2025        Average         Average  2024       Average
except for percentages)                  balance                 yield (%)       balance   Interest  yield (%)
                                                     Interest                              income
Interest-earning assets               6,994,961       income                                              3.91
Loans and advances to customers       3,244,024                                           260,573         3.08
Financial investments                                233,547     3.34 6,666,187             84,924        1.67
Balances with the central bank           541,000      91,477                                 9,698
Balances and placements with banks                      8,864    2.82 2,757,151                           2.80
                                         778,083                                            19,076        3.50
   and other financial institutions  11,558,068       17,463     1.64            580,940  374,271
                                                     351,351
Total                                                            2.24            681,863

                                                                 3.04 10,686,141

(in millions of RMB,                    Average      Interest     Average        Average   Interest   Average
except for percentages)                  balance     expense     cost ratio      balance  expense    cost ratio

Interest-bearing liabilities          9,202,500                         (%)               130,824           (%)
Deposits from customers
Deposits and placements from          1,265,266      107,869     1.17 8,515,666                           1.54
                                         168,539
   banks and other financial             140,140      20,001     1.58            959,111  20,086     2.09
   institutions and other amounts                       5,383
Debt securities issued               10,776,445         2,505    3.19            252,448  7,656      3.03
Borrowings from the central bank                  /
                                                  /  135,758     1.79            207,453  4,428      2.13
Total                                             /
                                                     215,593     1.26 9,934,678           162,994    1.64
Net interest income                                           /
Net interest spread                                           /               /  /        211,277    /
Net interest margin
                                                                 1.78            /        /          1.86

                                                                 1.87            /        /          1.98

During the reporting period, the average yield of the interest-earning assets of the Group was 3.04%, representing
a year-on-year decrease of 46 basis points; the average cost ratio of the interest-bearing liabilities was 1.26%,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 38 basis points; the net interest spread was 1.78%, representing a year-on-
year decrease of 8 basis points and the net interest margin was 1.87%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 11
basis points. For the analysis of the reasons behind the decrease in the net interest margin, please refer to 3.9.1 “Net
interest margin” in this chapter.
24  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    The following table sets forth the breakdown of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in
    volumes and interest rates of the Group for the periods indicated. Changes in volumes were measured by changes
    in average balances, while changes in interest rates were measured by changes in the average interest rates; the
    changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in both volumes and interest rates have been
    included in the amounts of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in volumes.

                                                                                     2025 compared to 2024

    (in millions of RMB)                                           Increase (decrease) due to                        Net increase
                                                                         Volume Interest rate                           (decrease)
    Interest-earning assets
    Loans and advances to customers                                               10,971             (37,997)        (27,026)
    Financial investments                                                         13,722              (7,169)          6,553
    Balances with the central bank                                                                       (174)           (834)
    Balances and placements with banks and other financial                           (660)
                                                                                                      (3,818)         (1,613)
       institutions                                                                2,205             (49,158)        (22,920)
                                                                                  26,238
    Changes in interest income
                                                                                   8,553             (31,508)        (22,955)
    Interest-bearing liabilities
    Deposits from customers                                                        4,782              (4,867)              (85)
    Deposits and placements from banks and other financial                        (2,677)                 404         (2,273)
                                                                                  (1,218)                (705)        (1,923)
       institutions and other amounts                                              9,440                             (27,236)
    Debt securities issued                                                        16,798             (36,676)          4,316
    Borrowings from the central bank                                                                 (12,482)

    Changes in interest expense

    Changes in net interest income

    The following table sets out the average balances, interest income/interest expense and annualised average yield/
    cost ratio of assets and liabilities items of the Group for the periods indicated.

                                         October to December 2025                           July to September 2025

    (in millions of RMB,                 Average         Interest  Annualised               Average  Interest        Annualised
                                         balance         income        average              balance  income              average
    except for percentages)                                          yield (%)                                         yield (%)

    Interest-earning assets              7,063,820       57,138    3.21              7,004,000       57,329          3.25
    Loans and advances to customers
    Financial investments                3,408,323       23,445    2.73              3,294,990       23,099          2.78
    Balances with the central bank
    Balances and placements with banks   541,270         2,184     1.60                     514,265  2,093           1.61

       and other financial institutions  822,452         4,277     2.06                     859,427  4,772           2.20

    Total                                11,835,865      87,044    2.92              11,672,682      87,293          2.97

    (in millions of RMB,                    Average      Interest  Annualised               Average  Interest        Annualised
                                             balance     expense       average              balance  expense             average
    except for percentages)
                                          9,494,649                  cost ratio                                        cost ratio
    Interest-bearing liabilities                                             (%)                                               (%)
    Deposits from customers               1,362,230
    Deposits and placements from             142,445     25,014    1.05 9,229,562                    26,336          1.13
                                              69,562
       banks and other financial                          5,000    1.46 1,356,730                    5,222           1.53
       institutions and other amounts    11,068,886       1,178
    Debt securities issued                            /            3.28                     156,437  1,282           3.25
    Borrowings from the central bank                  /      301
                                                      /            1.72                     111,760             496  1.76
    Total                                                31,493
                                                                   1.13 10,854,489                   33,336          1.22
    Net interest income                                  55,551
    Net interest spread                                         /                 /         /        53,957          /
    Net interest margin                                         /
                                                                   1.79                     /                   /    1.75

                                                                   1.86                     /                   /    1.83

    In the fourth quarter of 2025, the net interest margin of the Group was 1.86%, representing a quarter-to-quarter
    increase of 3 basis points, and its net interest spread was 1.79%, representing a quarter-to-quarter increase of 4
    basis points.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                            25

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.2.6 Net non-interest income

   During the reporting period, the Group recorded a net non-interest income of RMB121.680 billion, representing a
   year-on-year decrease of 3.31%. The components of which are as follows.

   Net fee and commission income amounted to RMB75.258 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.39%.
   Among the fee and commission income, fee and commission income from wealth management amounted to
   RMB26.711 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.39%; fee and commission income from asset
   management amounted to RMB11.927 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.94%; income from bank
   card fees amounted to RMB13.643 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 18.60%; income from settlement
   and clearing fees amounted to RMB15.465 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.26%; commission
   income from credit commitment and loan business amounted to RMB3.961 billion, representing a year-on-year
   decrease of 6.12%; commission income from custody businesses amounted to RMB5.375 billion, representing a
   year-on-year increase of 9.90%; and income from others amounted to RMB7.183 billion, representing a year-on-
   year increase of 3.98%. For analysis of the main reasons for changes in fee and commission income, please refer to
   3.9.2 “Net non-interest income” in this chapter.

   Other net non-interest income amounted to RMB46.422 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 13.63%,
   of which net investment income amounted to RMB31.364 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.11%,
   which was mainly due to the increase in bond investment income and income from non-money-market fund
   investment; net profit from changes in fair value amounted to RMB-8.160 billion, representing a year-on-year
   decrease of RMB14.245 billion, mainly due to the decrease in fair value of bond investment and non-money-market
   fund investment; the net exchange gain amounted to RMB3.228 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of
   19.82%, mainly due to the decrease in the exchange rate of USD and HKD against RMB which resulted in a year-
   on-year decrease in the foreign exchange gains and losses arising from the foreign currency-denominated monetary
   items; and other income amounted to RMB14.517 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.51%, mainly
   due to a year-on-year increase of 5.46% in income generated from operating leasing business of CMB Financial
   Leasing, which amounted to RMB12.915 billion.

   In terms of business segments, the net non-interest income from retail finance business amounted to RMB50.595
   billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.26% and accounting for 41.58% of the Group’s net non-interest
   income; the net non-interest income from wholesale finance business amounted to RMB53.986 billion, representing
   a year-on-year decrease of 14.81% and accounting for 44.37% of the Group’s net non-interest income; the net
   non-interest income from other businesses5 amounted to RMB17.099 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
   22.57% and accounting for 14.05% of the Group’s net non-interest income.

   (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                 2025              2024   Changes
                                                                                             +/-%
   Fee and commission income(Note)                           84,265            81,040
      Fees and commissions from wealth management            26,711            22,005         3.98
      Fees and commissions from asset management             11,927            10,751       21.39
      Bank card fees                                         13,643            16,761       10.94
      Settlement and clearing fees                           15,465            15,505      -18.60
      Commissions from credit commitment and loan business                                   -0.26
      Commissions from custody businesses                      3,961             4,219       -6.12
      Others                                                   5,375             4,891
                                                               7,183             6,908        9.90
   Fee and commission expense                                 (9,007)           (8,946)       3.98
                                                                                              0.68
   Net fee and commission income                             75,258            72,094
   Other net non-interest income                             46,422            53,750         4.39
                                                             40,949            51,118      -13.63
      Other net income                                       31,364            27,248      -19.89
         Net investment income                                (8,160)                       15.11
         Net profit from fair value change                                       6,085
         Net exchange gain                                     3,228             4,026         N/A
         Other income                                        14,517            13,759      -19.82
                                                                                 2,632
      Share of profits of joint ventures and associates        5,473                          5.51
                                                                              125,844      107.94
   Total net non-interest income                            121,680
                                                                                             -3.31

   Note:  Fees and commissions from wealth management include income from agency distribution of funds, income from agency distribution of
          insurance policies, income from agency distribution of trust schemes, income from agency distribution of wealth management products,
          income from securities brokerage and income from agency distribution of precious metals. Fees and commissions from asset management
          mainly include the income from the issuance and management of various asset management products such as funds, wealth management
          products and asset management plans of our subsidiaries, namely China Merchants Fund, CMB International Capital, CMB Wealth
          Management and CIGNA & CMAM. Commissions from custody businesses include income from basic asset custody services and value-added
          services. Others mainly include income from underwriting of bonds and equity, income from service fees from securitisation of credit assets,
          income from consultancy and advisory services and income from other intermediary businesses.

5  Including investment properties and related businesses of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures except for CMB Wing Lung Bank and CMBFL.
26  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.2.7 Operating expenses

    During the reporting period, the Group’s operating expenses amounted to RMB118.505 billion, representing a year-
    on-year increase of 0.73%, among which staff costs amounted to RMB68.689 billion, representing a year-on-year
    increase of 0.88%. Other operating expenses amounted to RMB49.816 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
    of 0.51%. The cost-to-income ratio of the Group was 32.01%, representing an increase of 0.09 percentage point as
    compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The Group adhered to lean management, guaranteed
    its input in key strategic areas, while strengthening cost control and input-output evaluation of key projects to
    improve cost efficiency.

    The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of the operating expenses of the
    Group.

    (in millions of RMB)                                                              2025       2024

    Staff costs                                                                    68,689     68,088
    Other operating expenses                                                       49,816     49,562
                                                                                   16,161     16,424
       Of which: depreciation, amortisation and rental expenses                    30,558     30,188
                     Other general and administrative expenses
                     Taxes and surcharges                                            3,097      2,950

    Total operating expenses                                                      118,505    117,650

    3.2.8 Expected credit losses

    During the reporting period, the expected credit losses of the Group were RMB39.586 billion, representing a year-
    on-year decrease of 0.98%.

    The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of expected credit losses of the
    Group.

    (in millions of RMB)                                                            2025       2024
                                                                                  42,582     43,608
    Loans and advances to customers                                               (2,889)    (2,400)
    Financial investments
    Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                          (377)    1,371
    Expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and
                                                                                      299    (2,703)
       loan commitments                                                                (29)      100
    Others                                                                        39,586
                                                                                             39,976
    Total expected credit losses

    According to the standards for financial instruments, the Group prudently made allowances for credit risk losses by
    taking the expected credit loss model as the foundation and using the risk quantification parameters such as the
    probability of customer defaults and the loss given defaults, after taking into consideration the forward-looking
    adjustments in macro perceptiveness. During the reporting period, the expected credit losses of loans and advances
    to customers of the Group were RMB42.582 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB1.026 billion;
    the expected credit losses relating to financial investment amounted to RMB-2.889 billion, representing a year-on-
    year decrease of RMB489 million, mainly because the Group continued to optimise its asset structure and customer
    structure, and the quality of its loans and investment assets remained relatively stable. The expected credit losses
    relating to amounts due from banks and other financial institutions amounted to RMB-377 million, representing a
    year-on-year decrease of RMB1.748 billion, which was mainly due to the change in the scale of interbank assets. The
    expected credit losses relating to financial guarantees and loan commitments amounted to RMB299 million, mainly
    due to the allowances for credit risk losses based on the scale of off-balance sheet businesses and the actual risk
    profile.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                             27

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.3 Analysis of Balance Sheet

3.3.1 Assets

As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB13,070.523 billion,
representing an increase of 7.56% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was mainly attributable to
the increase in loans and advances to customers and bond investments of the Group.

The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total assets of the Group.

                                                  31 December 2025                          31 December 2024

(in millions of RMB, except for percentages)      Amount                       Percentage   Amount         Percentage
                                                                              of the total                of the total
Total loans and advances to customers                                         amount (%)                  amount (%)
Allowances for impairment losses on loans(1)
                                                  7,258,058                   55.53         6,888,315         56.68
Net loans and advances to customers                (262,973)                  (2.01)         (265,365)        (2.18)
Investment securities and other financial assets
Cash, precious metals and balances with           6,995,085                   53.52         6,622,950         54.50
                                                  4,152,347                   31.77         3,705,919         30.50
   the central bank
Inter-bank transactions                               613,444                    4.69           583,202         4.80
Goodwill                                              961,921                    7.36           896,707         7.38
Other assets(2)                                                                  0.08                           0.08
                                                         9,954                   2.58              9,954        2.74
Total assets                                          337,772                                   333,304
                                                                              100.00                         100.00
                                                  13,070,523                                12,152,036

Notes:

(1) The allowances for impairment losses on loans represent the allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers measured at
      amortised cost.

(2) “Other assets” include fixed assets, right-of-use assets, intangible assets, investment properties, deferred tax assets, accrued interest and other
      assets.

3.3.1.1 Loans and advances to customers

          As at the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group amounted to
          RMB7,258.058 billion, representing an increase of 5.37% as compared with the end of the previous year; total loans
          and advances to customers accounted for 55.53% of the total assets, representing a decrease of 1.15 percentage
          points as compared with the end of the previous year. For details of the loans and advances to customers of the
          Group, please refer to section 3.4 “Analysis of Loan Quality” in this chapter.
28  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.3.1.2 Investment securities and other financial assets

    The Group’s investment securities and other financial assets consist of listed and unlisted financial instruments
    denominated in RMB and foreign currencies.

    The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of investment securities and other financial
    assets of the Group by line items.

                                                              31 December 2025                  31 December 2024

    (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)              Amount               Percentage   Amount                           Percentage
                                                                                  of the total                                  of the total
    Derivative financial assets                                                   amount (%)                                    amount (%)
    Financial investments at fair value through
                                                              18,823              0.45          32,533                          0.88
       profit or loss
       – Bond investments                                       647,796           15.60           617,018                       16.65
       – Non-standardised asset investments                     356,271            8.58           265,717                        7.17
       – Others(Note)                                                              0.22                                          0.02
    Debt investments at amortised cost                             9,146           6.80                 596                      9.46
       – Bond investments                                       282,379                           350,705
       – Non-standardised asset investments                   2,103,090           50.65         1,920,461                       51.82
       – Others                                               2,036,223           49.04         1,848,162                       49.87
       – Less: allowances for impairment losses                 100,141                           107,105
    Debt investments at fair value through other                                   2.41                                          2.89
       comprehensive income                                           336          0.01                 653                      0.02
       – Bond investments                                       (33,610)          (0.81)           (35,459)                     (0.96)
       – Others
    Equity investments designated at fair value               1,325,300           31.92         1,082,577                       29.21
       through other comprehensive income                     1,325,100           31.91         1,082,577                       29.21
    Investments in joint ventures and associates
                                                                      200          0.01                    –                         –
    Total investment securities and other financial assets
                                                                  24,424             0.59           22,315                         0.60
                                                                  32,914             0.79           31,015                         0.84

                                                              4,152,347           100.00        3,705,919                       100.00

    Note: Including equity investments, investments in funds, wealth management products, precious metal contracts and others.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                              29

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Derivative financial instruments

As at the end of the reporting period, the major categories and amount of derivative financial instruments held by
the Group are indicated in the following table. For details, please refer to Note 60(f) to the financial statements.

                                  31 December 2025                                        31 December 2024

                                             Fair value                                   Fair value
                                          Assets Liabilities
(in millions of RMB)          Notional                                        Notional    Assets            Liabilities
                               amount                                         amount
Interest rate derivatives
Currency derivatives          3,313,300    6,827     (6,959)                  2,099,152   11,269            (11,526)
Other derivatives             2,191,499   11,742    (11,432)                  1,987,795   21,002            (19,934)

Total                             10,501      254       (261)                     11,124      262               (123)

                              5,515,300   18,823    (18,652)                  4,098,071   32,533            (31,583)

The above table shows the notional amount and fair value of the Group’s derivative financial instruments by their
remaining maturity on each balance sheet date. The notional amount refers only to the transaction volumes that
have not yet been due or completed on the balance sheet date, and does not represent the amount at risk.

During the reporting period, as an integrated market maker in the interbank RMB foreign exchange market and a
quote provider for derivatives in the local currency market, the Group actively participated in market making trading
to facilitate the steady operation of the market. Meanwhile, by leveraging its expertise in financial markets derivative
transactions, the Group kept up its effort in publicising the “exchange rate risk-neutral” concept, assisting customers
to carry out hedging transactions to enhance their risk management capabilities in both exchange rate and interest
rate, and supporting the high-quality development of the real economy.

Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss

As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the financial investments at fair value through profit or loss of
the Group amounted to RMB647.796 billion, with bonds and funds investments constituting the major categories.
The investments were primarily made by the Group based on a comprehensive analysis of, among other factors,
macro economy, monetary and fiscal policies, industrial policies and market supply and demand, so as to obtain
investment income by capturing trading opportunities in the market. During the reporting period, the Group made
use of various methods to actively explore structural trading opportunities, while stepping up the execution of
hedging strategies to smooth out the impact of market fluctuations. For details, please refer to Note 23(a) to the
financial statements.

Debt investments at amortised cost

As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost amounted to
RMB2,103.090 billion. Among them, the bond investments mainly involved bonds issued by government and policy
banks. This type of investment was held on a long-term basis for the strategic allocation of assets and liabilities of
the Group, based on the requirements of interest rate risk management of banking book and liquidity management,
while taking into account returns and risks. For details, please refer to Note 23(b) to the financial statements.

Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income

As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive
income of the Group amounted to RMB1,325.300 billion, with interest rate bonds such as government bonds
and policy bank bonds, and medium-to-high rating quality credit bonds being the major categories. This type of
investment was primarily based on the Group’s in-depth research on the bond market, with the purpose of achieving
stable investment return by capturing investment and allocation opportunities and constantly optimising asset
structure. For details, please refer to Note 23(c) to the financial statements.

Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income

As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of equity investments designated at fair value through other
comprehensive income of the Group amounted to RMB24.424 billion. Such investments were mainly non-trading
equity investments held by the Group in the investees over whom the Group had no control, joint control or
significant influence. For details, please refer to Note 23(d) to the financial statements.
30  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    The composition of the Group’s total bond investments classified by the issuing entities

    (in millions of RMB)                                                          31 December 2025         31 December 2024

    Official authorities(Note)                                                                 2,514,687               2,026,230
    Policy banks                                                                                  600,996                572,863
    Commercial banks and other financial institutions                                             430,353                394,704
    Others(Note)                                                                                  171,558                202,659

    Total bond investments                                                                     3,717,594               3,196,456

    Note:  “Official authorities” include the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, local governments and the central bank, etc.; “Others” mainly refer to
           enterprises.

    Top ten financial bonds in terms of nominal value held by the Company as at the end of the reporting
    period

    Name of bonds                               Nominal value    Coupon rate       Due date                     Allowances for
                                          (in millions of RMB)              (%)                                      impairment
    Bonds issued by policy banks in 2022                                          2027/8/24                            losses(note)
    Bonds issued by policy banks in 2019                 21,000            2.50   2029/5/21
    Bonds issued by policy banks in 2019                 16,540            3.65   2029/7/12                (in millions of RMB)
    Bonds issued by policy banks in 2019                 15,440            3.74   2029/9/20
    Bonds issued by policy banks in 2024                 14,530            3.45                                                  –
    Bonds issued by policy banks in 2024                 13,000            2.64    2031/1/8                                      –
    Bonds issued by policy banks in 2022                 12,960           2.00    2027/4/12                                      –
    Bonds issued by policy banks in 2023                 12,500           2.90    2032/8/19                                      –
    Bonds issued by policy banks in 2016                 11,820           2.87                                                   –
    Bonds issued by policy banks in 2022                 10,953           3.05     2028/2/6                                      –
                                                         10,880           2.82    2026/8/25                                      –
                                                                                  2027/6/17                                      –
                                                                                                                                 –
                                                                                                                                 –

    Note: The first phase allowances for impairment losses accrued according to the expected credit loss model are not included.

    Investments in joint ventures and associates

    As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s investments in joint ventures and associates amounted to
    RMB32.914 billion, up by 6.12% as compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting
    period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on investments in joint ventures and associates of the Group
    was zero. For details, please refer to Note 25 and Note 26 to the financial statements.

    3.3.1.3 Goodwill

              In compliance with the IFRS Accounting Standards, at the end of the reporting period, the Group conducted an
              impairment test on the goodwill arising from the acquisition of CMB Wing Lung Bank, China Merchants Fund and
              other companies and determined that allowances for impairment losses were not necessary for the reporting period.
              As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had a balance of allowances for impairment losses on goodwill of
              RMB579 million and the carrying value of goodwill was RMB9.954 billion.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                               31

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.3.2 Liabilities

As at the end of the reporting period, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB11,789.624 billion,
representing an increase of 7.98% as compared with the end of the previous year, which was primarily attributable
to the steady growth of customer deposits.

The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the components of the total liabilities of the Group.

                                                        31 December 2025                    31 December 2024

(in millions of RMB, except for percentages)            Amount                 Percentage   Amount        Percentage
                                                                              of the total               of the total
Deposits from customers                                                       amount (%)                 amount (%)
Inter-bank transactions
Borrowings from the central bank                        9,836,130             83.43         9,096,587             83.31
Financial liabilities at fair value through             1,255,385             10.65         1,017,506              9.32
                                                                                                                   1.74
   profit or loss and derivative financial liabilities    110,679              0.94           189,511
Debt securities issued
Others(Note)                                                139,151              1.18            99,044              0.91
                                                            142,403              1.21           221,583              2.03
Total liabilities                                           305,876              2.59           294,330              2.69

                                                        11,789,624            100.00        10,918,561            100.00

Note:  “Others” including salaries and welfare payable, taxes payable, contract liabilities, lease liabilities, expected liabilities, deferred income tax
       liabilities, accrued interest and other liabilities.

Deposits from customers

As at the end of the reporting period, total deposits from customers of the Group amounted to RMB9,836.130
billion, representing an increase of 8.13% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 83.43%
of the total liabilities of the Group, which was the major funding source of the Group.

The following table sets forth, as at the dates indicated, the deposits from customers of the Group by product type
and customer type.

                                                        31 December 2025                    31 December 2024

(in millions of RMB, except for percentages)            Amount                 Percentage   Amount        Percentage
                                                                              of the total               of the total
Deposits from corporate customers                                             amount (%)                 amount (%)
   Demand
   Time                                                 2,761,092             28.07         2,772,365             30.47
                                                        2,579,124             26.22         2,291,188             25.19
   Subtotal
                                                        5,340,216             54.29         5,063,553             55.66
Deposits from retail customers
   Demand                                               2,234,851              22.72        1,980,251              21.77
   Time                                                 2,261,063              22.99        2,052,783              22.57
                                                        4,495,914              45.71        4,033,034              44.34
   Subtotal                                             9,836,130             100.00        9,096,587             100.00

Total deposits from customers

As at the end of the reporting period, the demand deposits of the Group accounted for 50.79% of the total
deposits from customers, representing a decrease of 1.45 percentage points as compared with the end of the
previous year. During the reporting period, the percentage of daily average balance of the demand deposits to
that of the total deposits from customers of the Group was 49.40%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.94
percentage point. Among these, the daily average balance of demand deposits from corporate customers accounted
for 50.60% of that of the total deposits from corporate customers, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.30
percentage points; the daily average balance of demand deposits from retail customers accounted for 47.94% of
that of the total deposits from retail customers, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.38 percentage point.
As market expectations had not yet been fully recovered, the liquidity activities of enterprises were still insufficient
throughout the year, and customers’ investment demand for time deposits remained at a relatively high level,
leading to a year-on-year decrease in the proportion of demand deposits. However, the percentage of daily average
balance of the demand deposits of the Group increased on a quarter-to-quarter basis in the fourth quarter of 2025.
32  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.3.3 Shareholders’ equity

              As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank was
              RMB1,272.875 billion, representing an increase of 3.82% as compared with the end of the previous year, among
              which retained profits (including proposed profit appropriations) amounted to RMB679.808 billion, representing
              an increase of 7.21% as compared with the end of the previous year; investment revaluation reserve amounted
              to RMB23.574 billion, representing a decrease of 38.59% as compared with the end of the previous year, mainly
              due to the decrease in valuation of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income as compared
              with the end of the previous year; exchange difference on translation of financial statements of foreign operations
              amounted to RMB1.641 billion, representing a decrease of RMB3.175 billion as compared with the end of the
              previous year, mainly due to the fluctuations in RMB exchange rate.

    3.4 Analysis of Loan Quality

    3.4.1 Distribution of loans by 5-tier loan classification

    The following table sets forth the 5-tier loan classification of the Group as at the dates indicated.

                                                  31 December 2025                              31 December 2024

    (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)  Amount                           Percentage   Amount       Percentage
                                                                                  of the total              of the total
    Normal                                                                        amount (%)                amount (%)
    Special mention
    Substandard                                   7,085,992                        97.63        6,733,625    97.76
    Doubtful                                        103,860                          1.43           89,080     1.29
    Loss                                              16,252                         0.23           16,872     0.25
    Total loans and advances to customers             19,689                         0.27           23,054     0.33
    Non-performing loans(Note)                        32,265                         0.44           25,684     0.37

                                                  7,258,058                       100.00        6,888,315   100.00
                                                      68,206                         0.94           65,610     0.95

    Note:  Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans, doubtful loans and loss
           loans.

    During the reporting period, the Group insisted on strict classification of asset risks to truly reflect the asset quality.
    As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Group’s non-performing loans amounted to RMB68.206
    billion, representing an increase of RMB2.596 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, with a non-
    performing loan ratio of 0.94%, representing a decrease of 0.01 percentage point as compared with the end of the
    previous year.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                       33

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.4.2 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by product type

The Group

                                           31 December 2025                                              31 December 2024

(in millions of RMB,           Loans and   Percentage         Non-         Non-     Loans and            Percentage             Non-       Non-
                              advances to       of the  performing   Performing    advances to               of the       performing  Performing
except for percentages)                                               loan ratio                                                       loan ratio
                               customers   total loans        loans                 customers            total loans           loans
Corporate loans                                   (%)                      (%)(1)                               (%)                        (%)(1)
  Working capital loans         3,215,750                                           2,863,740
  Fixed asset loans             1,380,707  44.31        28,622              0.89    1,178,412            41.57            30,475            1.06
  Trade finance                                                             0.54                                                            0.84
  Others(2)                       888,193  19.02        7,522               1.56      852,115            17.11            9,900             1.62
                                  499,761                                   0.04      430,268                                               0.04
Discounted bills(3)               447,089  12.24        13,820              1.59      402,945            12.37            13,820            1.63
Retail loans                      322,117                                             379,950
                                3,720,191  6.89              188               –    3,644,625                       6.25   167                 –
  Micro-finance loans             875,696                                   1.06      825,443                                               0.96
  Residential mortgage loans    1,425,236  6.16         7,092               1.22    1,417,450                       5.84  6,588             0.79
  Credit card loans               939,115                                   0.51      947,843                                               0.48
  Consumer loans                  426,653  4.43              –              1.74      396,161                       5.52   –                1.75
  Others(4)                        53,491                                   1.02       57,728                                               1.04
                                           51.26        39,584              1.81                         52.91            35,135            1.87
Total loans and advances
  to customers                             12.07        10,663                                           11.98            6,538             0.95

                                           19.64        7,231                                            20.58            6,840

                                           12.94        16,373                                           13.76            16,560

                                           5.88         4,349                                                       5.75  4,116

                                           0.73              968                                                    0.84  1,081

                              7,258,058    100.00       68,206       0.94 6,888,315                      100.00           65,610

Notes:

(1) Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

(2) Consists primarily of other corporate loans such as financial leasing, M&A loans and corporate mortgage loans.

(3) The Company will transfer discounted bills to corporate loans for accounting purposes once overdue.

(4) Consists primarily of commercial housing loans, automobile loans and other personal loans.

With regard to corporate loans, the Group was closely aligned with national strategies and policies, steadily
conducted credit extension while proactively optimising asset structures to foster high-quality business development.
The Group actively addressed risks in key areas and maintained stable asset quality. As at the end of the reporting
period, the balance of the Group’s corporate loans amounted to RMB3,215.750 billion, representing an increase of
12.29% as compared to the end of the previous year. Corporate loans accounted for 44.31% of the total loans. As
at the end of the reporting period, the amount of non-performing corporate loans of the Group reached RMB28.622
billion, representing a decrease of RMB1.853 billion as compared with the end of the previous year; and the non-
performing loan ratio of corporate loans was 0.89%, down by 0.17 percentage point as compared with the end of
the previous year.

With regard to retail loans, the Group continued to support demands of first-time home buyers and demands for
improvement of home upgraders; increased its granting of micro-finance loans to support the development of
the real economy; and promoted its granting of consumer loans to meet genuine consumer demand scenarios.
Furthermore, the Group adhered to its “stability and low volatility” operation strategy by continuing to optimise its
customer and asset structures, and steadily developing its credit card business. As at the end of the reporting period,
the balance of the Group’s retail loans amounted to RMB3,720.191 billion, representing an increase of 2.07% as
compared to the end of the previous year. Retail loans accounted for 51.26% of the total loans. As at the end of
the reporting period, the balance of non-performing retail loans of the Group amounted to RMB39.584 billion,
representing an increase of RMB4.449 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The non-performing
ratio of retail loans was 1.06%, representing an increase of 0.10 percentage point as compared to the end of the
previous year.
34  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.4.3 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry

    The Group

                                                  31 December 2025                                      31 December 2024

    (in millions of RMB,              Loans and   Percentage          Non-         Non-     Loans and   Percentage              Non-                Non-
                                     advances to  of the total  performing   Performing    advances to  of the total      performing           Performing
    except for percentages)                                                   loan ratio                                                        loan ratio
                                      customers     loans (%)         loans                 customers    loans (%)             loans
    Corporate loans                    3,215,750                                   (%)(1)   2,863,740                                               (%)(1)
    Manufacturing                                       44.31        28,622         0.89                     41.57           30,475                  1.06
    Transportation, storage and          753,412        10.38         3,260         0.43      669,630         9.72             3,250                 0.49

      postal services                    569,528  7.85          1,063               0.19      542,095   7.87              1,191                      0.22
    Production and supply of
                                         408,029  5.62              851             0.21      343,256   4.98                              405        0.12
      electric power, heat,              313,651                                    4.78      318,551                                                4.94
      gas and water                      279,496  4.32          14,993              0.65      227,711   4.62              15,728                     1.07
    Property development                 247,962                                    0.13      194,492                                                0.41
    Wholesale and retail                          3.85          1,819                                   3.31              2,436
    Leasing and commercial services      178,208                                    0.25      135,017                                                0.40
    Information transmission,            146,117  3.42              333             0.48      140,264   2.82                              788        0.26
      software and IT service            110,616                                    1.26      107,966                                                1.27
    Finance                               69,017  2.46              447             0.14       51,967   1.96                              542        1.06
    Construction
    Mining                                36,147  2.01              695             0.33       37,779   2.04                              369        0.40
    Water conservancy,                   103,567                                    3.43       95,012                                                3.89
      environment and                    322,117  1.52          1,394                         379,950   1.57              1,371
      public utilities                 3,720,191                                       –    3,644,625                                                   –
    Others(2)                                     0.95              94              1.06                0.75                              550        0.96
    Discounted bills                   7,258,058                                            6,888,315
    Retail loans                                    0.50           119              0.94                  0.55               152                     0.95
                                                    1.43         3,554                                    1.38             3,693
    Total loans and                                 4.43                                                  5.52
      advances to customers                        51.26             –                                   52.91                 –
                                                                39,584                                                    35,135
                                                  100.00                                                100.00
                                                                68,206                                                    65,610

    Notes:

    (1) Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

    (2) Primarily consists of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, accommodation and catering, health and social work, etc.

    The Group was committed to supporting industrial structure optimisation and facilitating the transformation and
    upgrading of traditional manufacturing industry. While adhering to the risk control bottom line, the Group sought
    to increase the proportion of credit extended to the manufacturing industry. As at the end of the reporting period,
    the balance of the Group’s loans extended to the manufacturing industry amounted to RMB753.412 billion,
    representing an increase of 12.51% as compared with the end of the previous year, and accounting for 10.38% of
    the total loans and advances to customers, with the proportion up by 0.66 percentage point as compared with the
    end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                            35

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

The Company                                31 December 2025                                      31 December 2024

(in millions of RMB,           Loans and   Percentage          Non-         Non-     Loans and   Percentage                 Non-                Non-
except for percentages)       advances to  of the total  performing   Performing    advances to  of the total         performing           Performing
                                                                       loan ratio                                                           loan ratio
Corporate loans                customers     loans (%)         loans                 customers    loans (%)                loans
Manufacturing                                                               (%)(1)   2,590,409                                                  (%)(1)
Transportation, storage         2,929,737        42.42        24,523                                  39.56              26,132                  1.01
                                  733,612        10.62         3,260         0.84      641,476         9.80                3,194                 0.50
  and postal services                                                        0.44
Production and supply of                                                               465,129                                                   0.23
                              495,178      7.17          1,063        0.21                       7.10                 1,071
  electric power, heat,                                                                280,675                                                   0.14
  gas and water               323,723      4.69              158      0.05             286,365   4.29                                 388        4.74
Property development                                                                   223,739                                                   1.09
Wholesale and retail          283,114      4.10          13,126       4.64                       4.37                 13,587
Leasing and commercial                                                                 181,427                                                   0.40
  services                    277,000      4.01          1,815        0.66                       3.42                 2,431
Information transmission,                                                              122,375                                                   0.31
  software and IT service     236,936      3.43              173      0.07             112,367   2.77                                 731        0.08
Finance                                                                                106,744                                                   1.26
Construction                  162,886      2.36              447      0.27              50,494   1.87                                 374        1.09
Mining
Water conservancy,            110,648      1.60              674      0.61              32,658   1.72                                 87         0.16
  environment and                                                                       86,960                                                   2.68
  public utilities            108,775      1.57          1,363        1.25             379,392   1.63                 1,340
Others(2)                                                                            3,577,919                                                      –
Discounted bills              66,897       0.97              94       0.14                       0.77                                 550        0.98
Retail loans                                                                         6,547,720
Total loans and advances to   34,536       0.50              87       0.25                         0.50                   52                     0.93
  customers                                                                                        1.32                2,327
                              96,432       1.40          2,263        2.35                         5.80
                                                                                                  54.64                    –
                              322,117      4.66              –        –                                               34,985
                                                                                                 100.00
                              3,654,670    52.92         39,457       1.08                                            61,117

                              6,906,524    100.00        63,980       0.93

Notes:

(1) Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

(2) Primarily consists of agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, fishery, accommodation and catering, health and social work, etc.
36  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.4.4 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by region

    The Group

                                                      31 December 2025                                   31 December 2024

    (in millions of RMB,           Loans and   Percentage           Non-           Non-      Loans and   Percentage               Non-       Non-
                                  advances to  of the total   performing     Performing     advances to  of the total       performing  Performing
    except for percentages)                                                   loan ratio                                                 loan ratio
                                   customers     loans (%)          loans                    customers    loans (%)              loans
    Head Office(2)                                                                 (%)(1)      982,386                                       (%)(1)
    Yangtze River Delta               969,599        13.36         18,085                                     14.26            18,137         1.85
    Bohai Rim                       1,650,475        22.74         14,337           1.87     1,544,721        22.42            13,717         0.89
    Pearl River Delta and           1,095,207        15.09          5,260           0.87       998,754        14.50              5,918        0.59
                                                                                    0.48
      Western Taiwan Straits                                                                 1,256,355                                        0.75
      Economic Zone               1,360,047           18.74   12,994         0.96              173,569    18.24              9,413            1.73
    North-eastern China                                                                        740,872     2.52              3,002            0.76
    Central China                 173,442             2.39    1,907          1.10              753,564    10.76              5,606            0.66
    Western China                                                                               81,575    10.94              4,972            0.43
    Overseas                      759,153             10.46   5,645          0.74              356,519     1.18                               1.26
    Subsidiaries                                                                                           5.18                352
                                  788,784             10.87   4,829          0.61            6,888,315                       4,493            0.95
    Total loans and advances to                                                                          100.00
      customers                   96,836              1.33              923  0.95                                           65,610

                                  364,515             5.02    4,226          1.16

                                  7,258,058           100.00  68,206         0.94

    Notes:

    (1) Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

    (2) The Head Office includes Credit Card Centre.

    In response to the national strategies of coordinated regional development and to support the construction of key
    economic zones, the Group proactively carried out research on regional credit policies, implemented differentiated
    regional operation strategies and accelerated development of its branches in key regions by aligning with the trend
    of the industrial cluster development, thereby continuously optimising its regional layout.

    3.4.5 Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by type of guarantees

    The Group

                                                      31 December 2025                                   31 December 2024

    (in millions of RMB,           Loans and   Percentage           Non-           Non-      Loans and   Percentage               Non-       Non-
    except for percentages)       advances to       of the    performing     Performing     advances to      of the         performing  Performing
                                                                              loan ratio                                                 loan ratio
    Credit loans                   customers   total loans          loans                    customers   total loans             loans
    Guaranteed loans                2,980,421         (%)                        (%)(Note)   2,800,227          (%)                        (%)(Note)
    Collateralised loans            1,007,233                                       1.01                                                      0.96
    Pledged loans                   2,462,399         41.06   30,029                1.46       872,494   40.64              26,942            1.97
    Discounted bills                                                                0.82     2,381,108                                        0.76
                                      485,888         13.88   14,665                0.67                 12.67              17,154            0.78
    Total loans and advances to       322,117                                          –       454,536                                           –
      customers                                       33.93   20,264                           379,950   34.57              17,987
                                    7,258,058                                       0.94                                                      0.95
                                                      6.70    3,248                          6,888,315   6.60               3,527

                                                      4.43              –                                5.52               –

                                                      100.00  68,206                                     100.00             65,610

    Note: Represents the percentage of the non-performing loans in a certain category to the total loans of that category.

    As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s credit loans, guaranteed loans, collateralised loans and the
    pledged loans increased by 6.43%, 15.44%, 3.41% and 6.90% respectively as compared with the end of the
    previous year.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                    37

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.4.6 Loans to the top ten single borrowers

          The Group

(in millions of RMB, except for percentages)                              Loan balance         Percentage        Percentage
                                                                                     as at  of net capital    of total loans
Top ten borrowers Industry
                                                                          31 December           (under the                 (%)
A                     Leasing and commercial services                                2025        Advanced
                                                                                            Measurement                   0.38
B                     Information transmission, software and IT services           27,399       Approach)                 0.34
                                                                                   24,999                                 0.34
C                     Transportation, storage and postal services                  24,727                (%)              0.28
                                                                                   20,000                                 0.26
D                     Leasing and commercial services                              19,063               1.99              0.17
                                                                                   12,312               1.82              0.17
E                     Transportation, storage and postal services                  12,148               1.80              0.16
                                                                                   11,406               1.45              0.15
F                     Transportation, storage and postal services                  10,915               1.39
                                                                                                        0.90
G                     Information transmission, software and IT services                                0.88
                                                                                                        0.83
H                     Transportation, storage and postal services                                       0.79

I                     Information transmission, software and IT services

J                     Production and supply of electric power, heat,

                              gas and water                                   10,262        0.75              0.14

Total                                                                         173,231       12.60             2.39

As at the end of the reporting period, the loan balance of the Group’s largest single borrower amounted to
RMB27.399 billion, representing 1.99% of the Group’s net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach.
The loan balance of the Group’s top ten single borrowers totalled RMB173.231 billion, representing 12.60% of
the Group’s net capital under the Advanced Measurement Approach, 12.90% of the Group’s net capital under the
Weighted Approach, and 2.39% of the Group’s total loans, respectively.

3.4.7 Distribution of loans by overdue term

The Group

                                                                   31 December 2025         31 December 2024

(in millions of RMB, except for percentages)             Loans and            Percentage      Loans and       Percentage
                                                       advances to            of the total  advances to       of the total
Overdue within 3 months
Overdue from 3 months up to 1 year                       customers              loans (%)     customers         loans (%)
Overdue from 1 year up to 3 years
Overdue more than 3 years                                  38,551                0.53           42,228           0.61
Total overdue loans                                        26,666                0.37           25,201           0.37
Total loans and advances to customers                      17,405                0.24           17,517           0.25
                                                                                 0.11                            0.10
                                                            8,024                1.25            6,929           1.33
                                                           90,646             100.00            91,875        100.00
                                                       7,258,058                            6,888,315

As at the end of the reporting period, overdue loans of the Group amounted to RMB90.646 billion, down by
RMB1.229 billion from the end of the previous year and accounting for 1.25% of its total loans and advances,
representing a decrease of 0.08 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. Of the overdue
loans, collateralised and pledged loans accounted for 34.78%; guaranteed loans accounted for 14.89%; and credit
loans accounted for 50.33% (the majority of which were overdue loans of credit cards). The Group adopted prudent
asset classification criteria. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s ratio of non-performing loans to the
loans overdue more than 90 days was 1.31, and the Company’s ratio of non-performing loans to the loans overdue
more than 60 days was 1.18.
38  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.4.8 Restructured loans                                   31 December 2025               31 December 2024

              The Group                                        Loan balance    Percentage     Loan balance    Percentage
                                                                                    of total                       of total
                 (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)
                                                                                 loans and                      loans and
              Restructured loans                                             advances (%)                   advances (%)
                 Of which: restructured loans overdue
                   more than 90 days                           28,307             0.39        24,826            0.36

                                                               8,165              0.11        8,084             0.12

    The Group imposed strict and prudent management and control over loan restructuring. As at the end of the
    reporting period, the percentage of the Group’s restructured loans to total loans and advances was 0.39%, up by
    0.03 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.

    3.4.9 Repossessed assets and impairment allowances

              As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of repossessed assets (other than financial instruments) of
              the Group amounted to RMB458 million. After deducting the impairment allowances of RMB102 million, the
              net carrying value amounted to RMB356 million. The balance of repossessed financial instruments amounted to
              RMB5.079 billion.

    3.4.10 Changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans

    The following table sets forth the changes in the allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group.

    (in millions of RMB)                                                                          2025             2024

    Balance as at the end of the previous year                                                270,301          269,534
    Charge for the period                                                                      42,582           43,608
    Recovery of loans written off                                                              10,851           10,274
    Write-offs/disposal for the period                                                        (56,067)         (53,154)
    Foreign exchange rate and other movements                                                      (445)               39

    Balance as at the end of the period                                                       267,222          270,301

    The Group continued to adopt a stable and prudent policy in respect of making allowances. As at the end of the
    reporting period, the balance of allowances for impairment losses on loans of the Group amounted to RMB267.222
    billion, representing a decrease of RMB3.079 billion as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance
    coverage ratio was 391.79%, representing a decrease of 20.19 percentage points as compared with the end of
    the previous year; and the allowance-to-loan ratio was 3.68%, representing a decrease of 0.24 percentage point
    as compared with the end of the previous year. For details of the changes in allowances for impairment losses on
    loans, please refer to Note 22(c) to the financial statements.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                             39

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.5 Analysis of Capital Adequacy

3.5.1 Capital adequacy ratio

As at the end of the reporting period, the common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy
ratio and the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 14.16%,
16.51% and 18.24% respectively, representing a decrease of 0.70, 0.97 and 0.81 percentage point respectively, as
compared with the end of the previous year. Despite steady growth in risk-weighted assets, the capital adequacy
ratios at all tiers declined due to the decrease in interim dividends and other comprehensive income in 2025.

The Group

(in millions of RMB, except for percentages)       31 December                31 December      Increase/decrease
                                                               2025                      2024  at the end of the
Capital adequacy ratios under the Advanced
   Measurement Approach(1)                              1,067,560                                 current year as
                                                        1,245,017                                 compared with
Net common equity Tier 1 capital                        1,375,031                                  the end of the
Net Tier 1 capital                                      7,540,202                              previous year (%)
Net capital                                             6,524,376
Risk-weighted assets (without taking into                                     1,023,048        4.35
                                                          317,856             1,203,494        3.45
   consideration the capital floor requirements)          697,970             1,311,742        4.82
   Of which: Credit risk-weighted assets                7,540,202
                                                           14.16%             6,885,783         9.50
                 Market risk-weighted assets               16.51%             5,973,261         9.23
                 Operational risk-weighted assets          18.24%                              61.55
Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration                                 196,760        -2.49
   the capital floor requirements)                    15,555,866                715,762
                                                             8.00%
Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                   6,885,783                           9.50
                                                                                 14.86%        Decreased by 0.70
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                    17.48%
                                                                                 19.05%          percentage point
Capital adequacy ratio                                                                         Decreased by 0.97
Information on leverage ratio(2)
Balance of adjusted on- and off-balance sheet                                                    percentage point
                                                                                               Decreased by 0.81
   assets
                                                                                                 percentage point
Leverage ratio
                                                                              14,218,773                          9.40
                                                                                    8.46%      Decreased by 0.46

                                                                                                 percentage point

Notes:

(1) The “Advanced Measurement Approach” refers to the Internal Ratings-Based (IRB) Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Approach for market
      risk and the Standardised Approach for operational risk set out in the “Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks” (hereinafter referred to
      as the “Rules on Capital Management”) issued by the National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA) on 1 November 2023 (same as below). A
      commercial bank shall use both the Advanced Measurement Approach for capital measurement and other approaches to calculate capital adequacy
      ratios, and comply with the capital floor requirements.

(2) Starting from 2024, the leverage ratio shall be calculated based on the provisions of the Rules on Capital Management (leverage ratio = net Tier 1
      capital/balance of adjusted on- and off-balance sheet assets). The leverage ratios of the Group were 8.22%, 8.48% and 8.35% respectively as at
      the end of the third quarter of 2025, the end of the half year of 2025 and the end of the first quarter of 2025.
40  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    As at the end of the reporting period, the common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy
    ratio and the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Advanced Measurement Approach were 13.74%,
    16.15% and 17.95% respectively, representing a decrease of 1.10, 1.38 and 1.22 percentage points respectively, as
    compared with the end of the previous year.

    The Company

    (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)         31 December              31 December      Increase/decrease
                                                                     2025                    2024  at the end of the
    Capital adequacy ratios under the Advanced
       Measurement Approach                                     934,780                               current year as
                                                              1,098,660                               compared with
    Net common equity Tier 1 capital                          1,220,932                                the end of the
    Net Tier 1 capital                                                                             previous year (%)
    Net capital                                               6,801,840
    Risk-weighted assets (without taking into                 5,894,854             914,275        2.24
                                                                                  1,080,144        1.71
       consideration the capital floor requirements)            262,932           1,180,786        3.40
       Of which: Credit risk-weighted assets                    644,054
                                                                                  6,160,977        10.40
                     Market risk-weighted assets              6,801,840           5,321,453        10.78
                     Operational risk-weighted assets                                              46.76
    Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the          13.74%             179,157        -2.47
       capital floor requirements)                                                  660,367
                                                                 16.15%
    Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                   6,160,977                         10.40
                                                                 17.95%              14.84%        Decreased by 1.10
    Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                    17.53%        percentage points
                                                                                     19.17%        Decreased by 1.38
    Capital adequacy ratio                                                                         percentage points
                                                                                                   Decreased by 1.22
                                                                                                   percentage points

    As at the end of the reporting period, the common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy
    ratio and the capital adequacy ratio of the Group under the Weighted Approach were 11.92%, 13.90% and
    15.00% respectively, representing a decrease of 0.51, 0.73 and 0.73 percentage point respectively as compared
    with the end of the previous year.

    The Group

    (in millions of RMB, except for percentages)         31 December              31 December      Increase/decrease
                                                                     2025                    2024  at the end of the
    Capital adequacy ratios under the Weighted
       Approach(Note)                                         1,067,560                               current year as
                                                              1,245,017                               compared with
    Net common equity Tier 1 capital                          1,343,023                                the end of the
    Net Tier 1 capital                                        8,954,305                            previous year (%)
    Net capital
    Risk-weighted assets                                         11.92%           1,023,048                           4.35
                                                                                  1,203,494                           3.45
    Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                  13.90%           1,293,801                           3.80
                                                                                  8,227,390                           8.84
    Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                15.00%                            Decreased by 0.51
                                                                                     12.43%          percentage point
    Capital adequacy ratio                                                                         Decreased by 0.73
                                                                                     14.63%          percentage point
                                                                                                   Decreased by 0.73
                                                                                     15.73%          percentage point

    Note:  The “Weighted Approach” refers to the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Approach for market risk and the Standardised
           Approach for operational risk in accordance with the provisions of the Rules on Capital Management. Same as below.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                   41

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

As at the end of the reporting period, the common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the Tier 1 capital adequacy
ratio and the capital adequacy ratio of the Company under the Weighted Approach were 11.38%, 13.37% and
14.47% respectively, representing a decrease of 0.81, 1.03 and 1.02 percentage point(s) respectively as compared
with the end of the previous year.

The Company

(in millions of RMB, except for percentages)  31 December                     31 December      Increase/decrease
                                                          2025                           2024  at the end of the
Capital adequacy ratios under the Weighted
   Approach                                          934,780                                      current year as
                                                   1,098,660                                      compared with
Net common equity Tier 1 capital                   1,188,894                                       the end of the
Net Tier 1 capital                                 8,215,906                                   previous year (%)
Net capital
Risk-weighted assets                                  11.38%                    914,275                           2.24
                                                                              1,080,144                           1.71
Common equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio           13.37%                  1,162,413                           2.28
                                                                              7,503,260                           9.50
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                         14.47%                                   Decreased by 0.81
                                                                                 12.19%          percentage point
Capital adequacy ratio                                                                         Decreased by 1.03
                                                                                 14.40%        percentage points
                                                                                               Decreased by 1.02
                                                                                 15.49%        percentage points

3.5.2 Balance of credit risk exposures

During the reporting period, the credit risk of the Company under the IRB Approach was classified into six types
of risk exposures: sovereign, financial institution, corporate, retail, shareholding and others. As at the end of the
reporting period, the balances of various risk exposures were as follows.

                                                                              31 December 2025

(in millions of RMB)          Type of risk exposure                           The Company      The Group

Portion covered by the        Financial institution                           1,402,273        1,400,786
   IRB Approach               Corporate                                       2,930,570        2,930,570
                              Retail                                          4,901,922        4,901,922
Portion not covered by the                                                    1,403,930        1,403,930
   IRB Approach                  Of which: Residential mortgage loans         2,681,780        2,681,780
                                               Qualified revolving retail
                                               Other retail                     816,212          816,212

                              On-balance sheet                                6,208,028        7,024,289
                              Off-balance sheet                                 302,946          320,539
                              Counterparty                                        35,875           39,488

3.5.3 Measurement of market risk capital

          The Group uses the Standardised Approach to calculate its market risk capital requirement. As at the end of the
          reporting period, the market risk-weighted assets of the Group were RMB317.856 billion, and the market risk capital
          requirement was RMB25.429 billion.
42  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.6 Results of Operating Segments

    The principal business segments of the Group include retail finance and wholesale finance. The following table
    summarises the operating results of each business segment of the Group for the periods indicated.

    Items                                          2025           Net                            2024          Net
                                                         operating                                     operating
    (in millions of RMB)          Profit before                                   Profit before
                                            tax by          income                         tax by         income
    Retail finance
    Wholesale finance                    business           190,988                    business         196,784
    Other businesses                   segments             137,939                   segments          135,393
    Total
                                           90,676              8,346                     90,644             4,944
                                           85,412                                        87,556
                                                            337,273                                     337,121
                                             2,905                                            452

                                         178,993                                       178,652

    During the reporting period, profit before tax of retail finance business of the Group amounted to RMB90.676
    billion, up by 0.04% year-on-year, and accounting for 50.66% of the profit before tax of the Group, representing
    a year-on-year decrease of 0.08 percentage point; net operating income amounted to RMB190.988 billion, down
    by 2.95% year-on-year, and accounting for 56.63% of the net operating income of the Group, representing a year-
    on-year decrease of 1.74 percentage points. During the reporting period, the cost-to-income ratio of retail finance
    business of the Group was 33.40%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.87 percentage point.

    For the detailed figures of the Group’s business and geographical segments, please refer to Note 56 to the financial
    statements.

    3.7 Other Financial Disclosures under the Regulatory Requirements

           Balance of off-balance sheet items that may have a material effect on the
           financial position and operating results and the related information

              The Group’s off-balance sheet items include derivative financial instruments, commitments and contingent liabilities.
              Commitments and contingent liabilities include credit commitments, leasing commitments, capital commitments,
              securities underwriting commitments, bonds redemption commitments, outstanding litigations and disputes and
              other contingent liabilities, among which the credit commitments are the primary component. As at the end of the
              reporting period, the balance of credit commitments of the Group was RMB3,389.792 billion. For details of the
              contingent liabilities and commitments, please refer to Note 58 to the financial statements.

    3.8 Implementation of Development Strategies

              During the reporting period, the Group further advanced the strategy of “building a value creation bank”. It
              adhered to the coordinated development of quality, profitability and scale, accelerated transformation through
              “the Internationalisation Initiative, the Comprehensive Operation Initiative, the Differentiation Initiative, and the
              Digitisation and Intelligence Initiative”, and devoted full efforts to forging a high-quality development model driven
              by “adopting strict management, upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground (ς͍௴อ)”. As a
              result, the Group maintained a sound momentum with steady and improving operating performance.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      43

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.8.1 Enhanced value creation

          Centred on the value creation chain of “volume growth – revenue growth – profit growth – value growth”, the
          Company was committed to creating greater overall value for customers, employees, shareholders, partners and
          society. The Company continuously strove to become the best bank in customer service by continuously
          improving service quality and efficiency to proactively support customers’ fund security, financial health, and wealth
          preservation and growth. As a result, the Company earned recognition, trust and preference of an increasing
          number of customers. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s retail customers reached 224 million
          in total, representing an increase of 6.67% as compared with the end of the previous year; and the number of the
          Company’s corporate customers reached 3.6225 million in total, representing an increase of 14.40% as compared
          with the end of the previous year. The Company continuously strove to become the best bank in employee
          development by accelerating the development of a “professional, diverse, market-driven, and international” talent
          system, providing a platform for employees to grow and succeed, and sharing the fruits of development with them.
          With the total of over 120,000 employees, the Company has ranked among the Top 10 “Best Employers in China”
          for 15 consecutive years, and retained the top spot for the past two years. The Company continuously strove to
          become the best bank in shareholders’ return, with ROAA and ROAE of 1.19% and 13.44% respectively during
          the reporting period, maintaining a leading position in the industry, while its dividend payout ratio remained at a
          relatively high level in the industry. The Company continuously strove to become the most trusted bank by
          partners, introducing 172 institutions with industry representativeness on its open platform of wealth management
          business, and continuously expanding its ecosystems of partners in extensive wealth management, investment
          banking, inter-bank business, and technology finance. The Company continuously strove to become the
          most socially responsible bank, actively fulfilling its mission of serving the real economy, vigorously supporting
          rural revitalisation with paired-up assistance provided to Wuding and Yongren counties in Yunnan Province for
          26 consecutive years, and adhering to ESG concept with the highest “AAA” level in MSCI ESG rating for two
          consecutive years.

3.8.2 Remarkable achievements in international development

          The Group actively served the “going global” needs of Chinese enterprises and the global wealth allocation needs
          of residents. The Group further improved its global institutional presence, leveraged its offshore financial license
          and service advantages of four types of non-resident accounts, upgraded its cross-border financial service system,
          strengthened the cultivation of international talents, and expanded and strengthened its overseas, cross-border and
          foreign exchange businesses. As a result, the Group’s global competitiveness and influence continued to grow. The
          contribution from overseas institutions increased steadily. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company
          had 6 branches and 3 wholly-owned subsidiaries overseas. The total assets of overseas institutions6 at the end of the
          reporting period increased by 12.88% as compared with the end of the previous year, and the net operating income
          during the reporting period increased by 33.78% year-on-year. The Group’s institutions in Hong Kong7 seized
          opportunities to accelerate development. The total assets of the Group’s institutions in Hong Kong at the end of the
          reporting period increased by 13.84% as compared with the end of the previous year, and the net operating income
          during the reporting period increased by 36.36% year-on-year. The cross-border business developed rapidly.
          The Company enhanced cross-border customer service and acquisition, digital intelligence upgrades of cross-border
          financial products, and global service capabilities. During the reporting period, the number of corporate customers
          in respect of international balance of payments of the Company exceeded 100,000, and the international balance
          of payments for corporate customers increased by 12.96% year-on-year. The development of foreign exchange
          business accelerated. The Company captured market opportunities and enriched products and strategies. During
          the reporting period, the number of wholesale customers involved in client flow tradings of financial market
          increased by 15.18% year-on-year, and the transaction volume of client flow tradings of wholesale customers of
          financial market increased by 20.20% year-on-year.

6  The data for overseas institutions and institutions in Hong Kong in this paragraph is before elimination on consolidation.

7  Including the Company’s Hong Kong branch, CMB Wing Lung Bank and CMB International Capital, etc.
44  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.8.3 Continuous advancement of comprehensive operations

              The Group adhered to the “One CMB” philosophy, fully leveraging the advantages of its diverse financial licenses
              covering commercial banking, fund management, insurances, wealth management, financial leasing, consumer
              finance, international investment banking, etc. to provide customers with comprehensive financial services. The
              Group improved the comprehensive layout. During the reporting period, the Group actively prepared for and
              successfully launched a financial asset investment company, further enhancing the service capabilities regarding
              integration of investment banking and commercial banking. The Group promoted the high-quality development
              of all operational units. The Group strengthened the overall management of its subsidiaries and joint ventures
              and enabled them to consolidate their foundations, enhancing their market competitiveness and brand influence. As
              of the end of the reporting period, the balance of wealth management products of CMB Wealth Management was
              RMB2.64 trillion. The leasing business of CMB Financial Leasing during the reporting period was RMB108.389 billion.
              As of the end of the reporting period, the scale of non-money-market mutual funds of China Merchants Fund was
              RMB589.103 billion, the balance of loans of Merchants Union Consumer Finance was RMB171.608 billion, and the
              scale of insurance funds under entrusted management of CIGNA & CMAM was RMB233.313 billion. CIGNA & CMB
              Life Insurance continued to accelerate the transformation of the health business, with its market share of high-end
              group medical insurance ranking among the top in the industry. The number of Hong Kong IPO underwritten and
              sponsored by CMB International Capital during the reporting period ranked the second and fourth respectively in
              the Hong Kong market8. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of total assets under management (AUM)
              from retail customers of CMB Wing Lung Bank was HKD653.793 billion, up by 22.14% as compared with the end
              of the previous year. The Group enhanced coordination and synergy. Adhering to a customer-centric approach,
              the Group refined its synergy mechanisms among the Head Office and branches, parent company and subsidiaries,
              and across branches, to provide customers with comprehensive and full-cycle services. As of the end of the reporting
              period, the total assets of major subsidiaries9 reached RMB952.839 billion, up by 11.43% as compared with the
              end of the previous year, and the total operating income of major subsidiaries accounted for 12.26% of the total
              operating income of the Group during the reporting period, up by 1.96 percentage points year-on-year.

    3.8.4 Continuous strengthening of differentiated advantages

              During the reporting period, the Group adhered to its differentiated development positioning, continuously
              consolidated the dominant position of retail finance, and promoted the balanced and coordinated development of
              four major business segments, namely “retail finance, corporate finance, investment banking and financial markets,
              wealth management and asset management”. These segments mutually supported and reinforced one another. The
              Group strengthened and excelled in capital-heavy businesses while optimising and expanding capital-light businesses.
              The Group built its strengths in specialised segments and promoted featured services and strengths of CMB in key
              regions, leading high-quality development to a new level.

              The systematic advantages of the Company’s retail finance sector were continuously consolidated. Focusing
              on the needs of customers in “deposit, loan, and remittance”, the Company enriched its product offerings,
              upgraded its service models, strengthened customer management, and continuously promoted the digital and
              intelligent transformation of customer services. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance
              of total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers amounted to RMB17.08 trillion, representing an
              increase of 14.44% as compared with the end of the previous year; the balance of deposits from retail customers
              amounted to RMB4,265.528 billion, representing an increase of 11.49% as compared with the end of the previous
              year; and the balance of retail loans amounted to RMB3,654.670 billion, representing an increase of 2.15% as
              compared with the end of the previous year. Retail finance business contributed more than 50% to both the net
              operating income and profit of the Company. During the reporting period, the fee and commission income from
              retail wealth management business grew by 17.85% year-on-year. Due to continued improvement of the debit and
              credit card integrated customer acquisition and operating efficiency, 68.37% of our credit card customers held both
              our debit cards and credit cards as of the end of the reporting period, up by 1.12 percentage points as compared
              with the end of the previous year.

    8  According to the statistics of Bloomberg and Wind.

    9  Including CMB Wing Lung Bank, CMB International Capital, CMB Financial Leasing, China Merchants Fund, CMB Wealth Management, CMB Europe S.A.,

       CIGNA & CMAM and CMB Investment.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                    45

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

The competitiveness of the Company’s corporate finance sector continued to grow. Focusing on key areas
such as technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, retirement finance, digital finance, cross-border
finance, intelligent manufacturing finance, and government finance, the Company built systematic, distinctive,
specialised, digital-intelligent, and brand-oriented competitive advantages. As of the end of the reporting period,
the balance of deposits from corporate customers amounted to RMB5,195.362 billion, representing an increase of
4.90% as compared with the end of the previous year; and the balance of loans to corporate customers amounted
to RMB2,929.737 billion, representing an increase of 13.10% as compared with the end of the previous year.
Among them, the growth rate of loans in key areas such as technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance
and manufacturing industry was significantly higher than the average growth rate of the loans extended by the
Company. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of technology loans amounted to RMB1,036.854
billion10, representing an increase of 8.06% as compared with the beginning of the year; the balance of green
loans amounted to RMB609.413 billion11, representing an increase of 21.01% as compared with the beginning of
the year; the balance of loans granted to inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises amounted to RMB962.139
billion, representing an increase of 8.39% as compared with the end of the previous year; and the balance of loans
extended to the manufacturing industry amounted to RMB733.612 billion, representing an increase of 14.36% as
compared with the end of the previous year.

The specialised advantages of the Company’s investment banking and financial markets sector continued
to strengthen. The Company accelerated the transformation of its investment banking business and improved
the full-service system. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of the financing products aggregate to
corporate customers (FPA) contributed by the investment banking business increased by 10.38% as compared with
the beginning of the year; and the M&A financing business volume achieved a year-on-year increase of 22.58%, of
which the amount of RMB M&A loans increased by 111.41% year-on-year. The Company continuously enhanced its
global investment trading and customer service capabilities in the financial markets business. During the reporting
period, the number of the Company’s wholesale customers involved in client flow tradings of financial market
was 88,823, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.18%. With the accelerated improvement of the integrated
operation capability of bill business, as of the end of the reporting period, the scale of direct bill discounting
business ranked the second in the market (data from the China Banking Association).

The Company’s wealth management and asset management sector continued to expand and strengthen.
Focusing on the wealth preservation and appreciation needs of residents and enterprises, the Company deepened
synergies and collaboration, simultaneously advancing the accelerated development of wealth management,
asset management and asset custody in a mutually reinforcing and virtuous cycle. As of the end of the reporting
period, the number of retail customers holding wealth management products distributed by the Company reached
64.1225 million, representing an increase of 10.15% as compared with the end of the previous year. The number
of customers who conducted asset allocation under the “CMB TREE Asset Allocation Service System” reached
11.7568 million, representing an increase of 13.31% as compared with the end of the previous year. During the
reporting period, the average daily balance of corporate wealth management products reached RMB524.940
billion, representing an increase of 31.28% year-on-year. As of the end of the reporting period, the total asset
management business amounted to RMB4.71 trillion12, representing an increase of 5.13% as compared with the end
of the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the scale of custody of the Company reached RMB26.09
trillion, representing an increase of 14.13% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total scale of
custody of the Company ranked among the top in the industry.

10 Starting from the 2025 annual report, technology loans are calculated based on the statistical calibre of the People’s Bank of China, including loans to
          sci-tech enterprises and loans to technology-related industries.

11 Green loans refer to loans extended by the Company to corporate or institutional legal persons, or other organisations or individuals eligible as borrowers
          under applicable national regulations, for purposes aligned with the Green Finance Endorsed Project Catalogue (2025 Edition).

12 Refers to the total scale of asset management business of CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund, CIGNA & CMAM and CMB International
          Capital, all being subsidiaries of the Company.
46  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Development of the branches located in key regions advanced in depth. During the reporting period, the
    Company proactively responded to the national strategies of coordinated regional development, followed the trend
    of the industrial cluster development, continuously optimised resource allocation, strengthened empowerment
    and support, and accelerated the promotion of the development of the branches located in key regions, including
    the Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl River Delta, Chengdu-Chongqing Region, the Western Taiwan Straits Economic
    Zone and other regions. As of the end of the reporting period, the growth rates of customer base, total assets
    under management (AUM) from retail customers, core deposits, corporate loans and other core indicators of the
    branches in key regions were all higher than the average level of domestic branches as compared with the end of
    the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the share of total assets under management (AUM) from
    retail customers of the Company’s 16 branches in key regions in the total of all domestic branches increased by 0.79
    percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, the share of average
    daily balance of core deposits13 from the 16 branches in key regions in the total of all domestic branches increased
    by 0.38 percentage point year-on-year. The share of corporate loan balance from the 16 branches in key regions
    in the total of all domestic branches increased by 0.12 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous
    year.

    3.8.5 Practising ”AI First” philosophy and accelerating the digital and intelligent
           transformation

              With adherence to “upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground (ς͍௴อ)”, the Company
              firmly implemented the strategy of developing the Bank with technology. By leveraging technology, the Company
              accelerated the building of a “Digital & Intelligent CMB” following the direction of “online, data-based, intelligent,
              platform-based and ecological operation”. Implementing the “AI+” initiative, the Company proposed the “AI First”
              philosophy and steadfastly executed the principles of AI “priority”, “leadership”, and “pioneering”, fully embracing
              the new generation of AI revolution represented by large model, and striving to excel in digital finance. During the
              reporting period, the Company’s information technology input amounted to RMB12.901 billion, representing 4.31%
              of the Company’s net operating income. The Company attached great importance to the construction of a talent
              pool with digital and intelligent expertise. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of R&D personnel
              of the Group reached 11,051, accounting for 9.09% of the total number of employees of the Group. Leveraging
              the Fintech Innovation Project Fund which focused on the strategic directions, AI development, and cutting-edge
              technology, the Company comprehensively promoted its construction of digital and intelligent capabilities. During
              the reporting period, 684 new Fintech innovation projects were launched, and 545 new projects were put into
              operation. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of the Bank’s Fintech innovation projects launched and
              put into operation reached an aggregate of 5,094 and 4,338, respectively.

              In terms of retail business, the Company comprehensively promoted the construction and application of
              digital and intelligent retail sector, improved intelligent service experience for customers and built a new
              retail paradigm driven by digital intelligence. Regarding channel development, as of the end of the reporting
              period, the monthly active users (MAU) of the CMB APP and the CMB Life APP totalled 129 million. Furthermore,
              the Company enriched the functionalities of the CMB APP, continuously optimised the account services development
              and provided a series of TREE asset allocation tools, such as fund review, strengthening its personalised service
              capabilities for customer. Regarding customer service, the Company upgraded the “Xiao Zhao (ʃ‫ ”)ם‬intelligent
              services to enhance the intelligent interaction experience, expanding from the wealth management scenario to
              full-scenario services covering deposit, loan, and remittance; launched the “Xiao Zhao Voice Control (ʃ‫ם‬Ⴇછ)”
              function, supporting operations such as information inquiry and transaction processing and other operations via
              voice; and strengthened its visual asset allocation service capabilities, continuously improving customer service quality
              and efficiency. Regarding product optimisation, the Company impelled the digital and intelligent transformation
              of retail credit, enriched integration with external data sources, expanded risk identification dimensions, and
              continuously refined risk models and intelligent approval processes, delivering a more convenient credit product
              experience for users.

    13 The core deposits represent the internal management indicator for the Company’s deposits, excluding large-denomination certificates of deposit,
              structured deposits and other relatively high-cost deposits.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                           47

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

In terms of wholesale business, the Company accelerated the enhancement of its digital and intelligent
capabilities in corporate finance, promoted the digital and intelligent upgrading of its business model
and continued to deepen the development of its corporate customer service system. Regarding channel
development, as of the end of the reporting period, the number of monthly active customers of wholesale online
channels reached 2.2085 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.29%. Regarding customer service,
the Company developed an intelligent wealth manager for financial institution customers called “Zhaoyingtong
AI Xiao Zhao (‫ם‬ᙊஷ AI ʃ‫”)ם‬. This solution is designated to help customers complete various high-frequency
operations through natural language interactions and the one-time transaction success rate reached 99.40%. The
AI-assisted account opening feature improved the efficiency of account opening on the “Zhao Ying Tong (‫ם‬ᙊஷ)”
platform by 35 percentage points. Regarding product optimisation, the Company enhanced the efficiency of
online business processing through the digital and intelligent upgrading of its products, with 97.72% of financing
business conducted online and 86.62% of foreign exchange business conducted online, representing an increase of
3.91 and 9.21 percentage points respectively, as compared with the end of the previous year. To empower industrial
digital upgrading, the Company supported the corporate demand for upgrading treasury management through
the Treasury Management Cloud (ৌ༟၍ଣථ) to assist various corporate clients in improving their efficiency in
allocating financial resources. As of the end of the reporting period, Treasury Management Cloud (ৌ༟၍ଣථ)
served 799,300 customers, representing an increase of 29.93% as compared with the end of the previous year.

In terms of risk management, focusing on “high-frequency, critical and advantageous” scenarios, the
Company accelerated the digital and intelligent transformation of risk management and reinforced its
“fortress-style” risk management system. The Group Risk-management System (GRS) was comprehensively
upgraded, establishing eight core modules covering Customer Management, Risk Information, Assessment &
Evaluation, Risk Process, Risk Control, Risk Early Warning, Credit Operation, and Analysis & Monitoring with the
objective of achieving leading performance, user convenience and operational effectiveness, which provided a
robust system support for building a new risk management model driven by digital intelligence. During the reporting
period, the corporate loans newly granted through the online risk control platform amounted to RMB579.790
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 44.03%.

In terms of operation management, the Company deepened the application of AI and large model
technology across its front, middle and back offices to enhance the level of automated processing and
intelligent decision-making. For the retail line, the Company continuously strove to develop a series of retail
“Assistant (ʃп)”, covering key positions and core business scenarios, continuously optimised the interaction
between intelligent applications and internal users, continuously empowering relationship managers and middle-
office teams in scenarios such as customer management, business analysis and wealth investment research. For the
wholesale line, the Company created “CRM Assistant (CRM ʃп)” to help corporate relationship managers improve
the quality and efficiency of customer service. For the risk line, the Company created “Risk Assistant (ࠬᎈʃп)” and
embedded it into operational workflows to achieve intelligence-driven risk management. For the operation line, the
Company created “Ying Xiao Zhu (ᐄʃп)”, and enabled scenario applications including digital assistant, operational
knowledge Q&A, intelligent business review, intelligent service training simulation, and intelligent analysis of risk
events. As at the end of the reporting period, the user coverage rates for corporate relationship managers, credit
personnel, and operating staff using their respective Assistants reached 80.13%, 80.32% and 100%, respectively.
In the asset and liability management area, the Company created “Smart Capital GPT (౽͉ GPT)”, an intelligent
agent, advancing the interaction paradigm from “knowledge Q&A” towards “intelligent assistant” and enhancing
the effectiveness of capital data governance and refined management. The “Smart Price (౽ᄆ)” empowered pricing
management scenarios, comprehensively improving pricing execution efficiency and decision support capabilities.
In the finance and accounting area, the large model technology improved the quality and efficiency of financial
reimbursement. During the reporting period, 1,408,500 paperless reimbursement claims were processed, with a
year-on-year increase of 23.76%. The proportion of paperless financial reimbursements increased to 89.62%, up by
7.73 percentage points compared with the end of the previous year.
48  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    In terms of technological infrastructure, the Company improved the digital and intelligent foundation of
    “cloud + AI + middle platform”, developed leading large model technical capabilities, and comprehensively
    promoted the implementation of large model applications. Cloud platform was continuously upgraded
    with the resource utilisation and availability of the CMB Cloud steadily improving. During the reporting period, the
    overall availability of cloud exceeded 99.999%. The construction of the middle platform achieved remarkable
    results. In terms of the technical middle platform, the Company continuously enhanced the scale, quality and
    reusability level of application components, consolidating enterprise-level technological capabilities. As at the end of
    the reporting period, a total of 6,445 application components were launched. In terms of the data middle platform,
    with continuous improvement in data asset management, the Company actively participated in building the data
    factor market and in the development and application of public data, fully unlocking data value. As at the end of
    the reporting period, big data services covered over 76% of the Bank’s business personnel. AI development and
    application were comprehensively promoted, with synergised efforts in the areas of technical system, scenario
    application and ecosystem construction. In terms of the technical system, the Company built an industry-leading
    intelligent computing infrastructure. During the reporting period, average daily Tokens throughput has increased
    by 10.1 times as compared to 2024, with 183 specialised and refined domain models implemented. In terms of
    scenario applications, as at the end of the reporting period, 856 were deployed across retail finance, wholesale
    finance, risk control, operation, office and other areas, effectively enhancing business processing efficiency and
    service quality. During the reporting period, working efficiency improvement resulted in saving 15.56 million working
    hours. In the research and development area, the Company deepened the application of “Encoding Assistant (ᇜᇁ
    ʃп)”, a large-model-assisted encoding product, evolving from Copilot model towards Agent model14. This achieved
    coverage of over 97% of research and development personnel, effectively improving encoding efficiency. In terms
    of ecosystem construction, the Company conducted AI capability certification for employees across various roles
    internally, providing AI mindset and skill training to all employees. Externally, the Company actively participated in
    building a collaborative large model technology ecosystem. In 2025, the Company officially became a Maintainer of
    two mainstream open-source projects, making it the only banking institution in China to achieve this qualification.

    3.8.6 Consolidating fortress-style comprehensive risk and compliance management
           system

              During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the principle of “risk-based approach and compliance
              first” and coordinated development and security, continuously consolidating its fortress-style risk and compliance
              management system. The Company persistently worked to prevent and mitigate risks in key areas, actively
              responding to risk challenges in real estate, local government hidden debt, retail loans and off-balance sheet
              operations. The forward-looking risk screening was enhanced, with risk control strategies dynamically adjusted. The
              Company continuously enhanced its comprehensive risk management capabilities, improved risk management across
              its domestic and overseas branches and subsidiaries, refined unified credit management, and strengthened product
              risk management to ensure all risks remain stable and controllable. Credit and investment policies, authorisation
              policies and approval processes were optimised and adjusted to improve the quality and efficiency of asset
              origination. Digital and intelligent risk control capabilities were enhanced through continuous iterative optimisation
              of rating models, data marts and credit systems. The Company strengthened the recovery and collection of non-
              performing assets, so as to achieve high-quality risk resolution and disposal. As at the end of the reporting period,
              the non-performing loan ratio of the Company was 0.93%, unchanged compared with the end of the previous year.
              Compliance management was comprehensively reinforced through the in-depth implementation of the “Compliance
              Performance Year” activity, strengthening anti-money laundering and sanctioning risk management, to enforce the
              development of compliance culture.

    14 Copilot is centred on “completion” – it completes code blocks based on the user's current input. Agent, by contrast, is centred on “agency” – it
              independently decomposes complex tasks into multiple sub-steps and executes them to achieve the goals set by the user.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      49

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.8.7 Continuous improvement in management capabilities

          During the reporting period, the Company made efforts to build a standardised, refined, empowering, systematic
          and scientific management system, and continuously consolidated its management foundation, so as to safeguard
          the high-quality development through enhanced management. The Company strengthened asset-liability
          management, improved asset allocation capabilities, pursued a balanced approach to asset business in terms of
          volume, pricing and quality, and consolidated its low-cost advantage in liabilities, achieving an industry-leading net
          interest margin. The Company strengthened cost management, adhered to the principle of retaining necessary
          expenses and reducing those with lower priority, and pressed on with the long-term mechanism of cost reduction
          and efficiency enhancement, thereby improving input-output effectiveness. The Company strengthened team
          management, optimised organisational structure following the strategic direction, actively embraced AI technology
          innovation, strengthened the segmentation and classification-based training and development, upgraded the talent
          exchange system, and continuously deepened the development of a “professional, diverse, market-driven, and
          international” talent system. The Company strengthened operation management, upgraded the intelligent
          operation model driven by digital intelligence, and continuously improved operational service quality and efficiency
          and customer experience. The Company strengthened consumer rights protection, promoted the systematic
          upgrading of the consumer rights protection system through coordinated optimisation of organisational structures,
          system development and assessment mechanisms, and deeply integrated it into operation management. The
          consumer rights protection review coverage rate of the Company’s products and services was 100%.

3.9 Key Business Concerns in Operation

3.9.1 Net interest margin

          During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest margin was 1.87%, representing a decrease of 11 basis points
          year-on-year; and the Company’s net interest margin was 1.92%, representing a decrease of 12 basis points year-
          on-year. In the fourth quarter of 2025, the net interest margin of the Group and the Company were 1.86% and
          1.91% respectively, representing increases of 3 and 2 basis points, respectively, as compared with the third quarter
          of 2025. The primary reasons for the year-on-year decrease in net interest margin were as follows. On the asset
          side, firstly, due to the decreased interest rate for existing residential mortgage loans in the previous year, the
          downturn of the LPR (Loan Prime Rate) and the insufficient effective credit demand, the pricing of newly granted
          loans had continued to decline, and average loan yields had been going down; secondly, market interest rates had
          been on a sustained downward trend, leading to a continuous decline in yields of market-oriented assets such as
          bond investments, interbank lending and bill discounting. On the liability side, the growth of low-cost demand
          deposits was under pressure and the trend of shifting towards time deposits showed no clear turning point, which
          to certain extent mitigated the effects of market deposit rate decline and the cost ratio of liabilities remained
          relatively rigid. In order to maintain a relatively stable net interest margin, the Group further strengthened the
          management of its asset and liability portfolio, leading to a stabilisation and rebound in net interest margin on a
          quarter-on-quarter basis in the fourth quarter. On the asset side, the Group persisted in increasing effective asset
          origination, strengthened the portfolio management of asset, and maintained strict pricing management, resulting
          in a narrowing of the quarter-on-quarter decline in asset yields. On the liability side, the Group focused on driving
          growth in low-cost core deposits, moderately reduced high-cost liabilities, resulting in a quarter-on-quarter increase
          in the proportion of demand deposits in the fourth quarter. By flexibly arranging the acquisition of market-oriented
          funds and continuously optimising the portfolio allocation of liability, the Group further promoted a steady decline
          in cost of liabilities.
50  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    With the current interest rate on various assets at a low level and the pending recovery of effective financing
    demand, the banking industry still faces net interest margin downward pressure. Looking ahead to 2026, the
    Group’s net interest margin is expected to continue to be under a certain degree of pressure, while there are also
    some favourable factors. In terms of pressure, on the asset side, it will still take time for the existing policy factors
    such as the decline in the LPR to be worked through. Furthermore, as the moderately loose monetary policy will
    continue to be implemented for 2026, there remains scope for interest rate cuts and reductions in the reserve
    requirement ratio. The effective asset placement will continue to be under pressure, and asset yields are expected to
    continue the downward trend. On the liability side, the scope for further reductions in the cost of deposits is limited,
    and the pressure to control the cost of liabilities still exists. In terms of favourable factors, firstly, the fiscal policy
    has become more vigorous and proactive, and the domestic economy continues to accentuate its upturn, which will
    create a stable operating environment for the banking industry; secondly, in response to regulatory requirements
    of “curbing irrational competition”, practices such as the excessive price competition in loan pricing are being
    progressively rectified, suggesting the decline in asset pricing may moderate.

    The Group will strengthen its asset-liability portfolio management to promote a continuous growth in net interest
    income and the stable operation of net interest margin. On the asset side, firstly, the Group will focus on the
    development of key business, strengthen its capacity to organise high-quality assets, continuously optimise its loan
    structure, and enhance the coordinated management of asset such as letters of credit, bill financing, interbank
    lending and bond investment; secondly, the Group will strengthen its refined pricing management, strictly implement
    regulatory requirements of “curbing irrational competition”, and enhance its risk-based pricing capabilities. On the
    liability side, firstly, the Group will strengthen the coordinated management of liabilities, continuously reinforce its
    customer base, enhance the ability to attract low-cost funds, and optimise its deposit structure; secondly, the Group
    will enhance diversified management of liabilities, increase efforts to attract low-cost interbank deposits, proactively
    arrange the acquisition of various liabilities in a flexible and forward-looking manner, and manage its liability
    portfolio effectively.

    3.9.2 Net non-interest income

              During the reporting period, faced with challenges such as insufficient effective demand and increased fluctuations
              in the bond market, the Group implemented requirements for high-quality development, focused on customer
              needs, upgraded customer services, and continuously improved the quality and efficiency of intermediary business
              services. In light of the impact of short-term adverse factors, the Group actively built differentiated competitiveness
              in an effort to explore growth points in segmented areas. During the reporting period, the Group realised net non-
              interest income of RMB121.680 billion, representing a decrease of 3.31% year-on-year, accounting for 36.08%
              of net operating income and representing a decrease of 1.25 percentage points year-on-year. Among the Group’s
              net non-interest income, net fee and commission income was RMB75.258 billion, representing an increase of
              4.39% year-on-year, accounting for 61.85% of the net non-interest income; and other net non-interest income
              was RMB46.422 billion, representing a decrease of 13.63% year-on-year. During the reporting period, the Group’s
              income contributed by extensive wealth management was RMB44.013 billion15, representing an increase of 16.91%
              year-on-year.

              The major items under the Group’s net fee and commission income during the reporting period are analysed as
              follows. Fee and commission income from wealth management amounted to RMB26.711 billion, representing
              a year-on-year increase of 21.39%. Among them, income from agency distribution of wealth management products
              was RMB9.347 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.98%, which was mainly driven by the growth of
              the volume of agency distribution and the optimisation of product structure. Income from agency distribution of
              funds amounted to RMB5.846 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 40.36%, mainly due to the year-on-
              year increase in the holding volume and sales of equity funds. Income from agency distribution of insurance policies
              amounted to RMB5.823 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.37%, which was mainly due to changes
              in business structure. Income from agency distribution of trust schemes amounted to RMB3.518 billion, representing
              a year-on-year increase of 65.55%, which was mainly due to the increase in the volume of agency distribution of
              trust schemes. Income from securities brokerage was RMB1.801 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
              62.55%, which was mainly due to the increasing customer demand for securities transactions in Hong Kong capital
              market. Fee and commission income from asset management amounted to RMB11.927 billion, representing a
              year-on-year increase of 10.94%, which was mainly due to the growth in the scale of asset management businesses
              of subsidiaries. Commission income from custody business was RMB5.375 billion, representing a year-on-year
              increase of 9.90%, mainly due to the increase of the scale of custody and improved quality and efficiency. Income
              from bank card fees amounted to RMB13.643 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 18.60%, and
              income from settlement and clearing fees amounted to RMB15.465 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease
              of 0.26%, both mainly due to insufficient consumer demand and the decline in income of credit cards.

    15 The income from extensive wealth management includes the fee and commission income from wealth management, asset management and custody
              business.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                        51

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Looking forward to 2026, the Group will continue to promote the high-quality development of net non-interest
income. Firstly, the Group will continue to leverage the advantages of its systematic retail finance sector, capitalise
on opportunities arising from changes in residents’ wealth allocation needs and the rebound of the capital market,
optimise the structure of wealth products, deepen asset allocation services, seize opportunities from structural
recovery in consumption, and enhance payment and settlement scenarios operations as well as online operations.
Secondly, the Group will continue to impel the specialised development of its corporate finance business, consolidate
and expand its wholesale customer base, leverage technological advantages to deepen operations in financing,
settlement, cross-border activities and other scenarios, enhance customer service capabilities, and focus on creating
a new growth pole for net non-interest income. Thirdly, the Group will further tap into the market potential of the
investment banking and financial markets sector, strengthen market research and enhance investment capabilities,
deeply explore structural opportunities in underwriting, mergers & acquisitions and financial advisory services,
increase its market share in corporate wealth management, expand and improve the custody business, and improve
the integrated service system. Fourthly, the Group will expedite the transformation and upgrading of its asset
management business, strengthen innovation in asset management products and system development, enhance
investment research capabilities for global assets, and increase the contribution of asset management business
income to its overall revenue.

3.9.3 Risk management and control in the real estate sector

          During the reporting period, closely in line with the national policy guidance and regulatory requirements, under the
          premise of controllable risks, and in light of the differentiated characteristics of the real estate market, the Company
          explored regional structural business opportunities, enhanced the allocation of credit resources towards high-quality
          urban agglomerations and selected optimal projects for business development. Meanwhile, the Company continued
          to promote the urban real estate financing coordination mechanism, expanding the scope of the “whitelist” and
          increasing its effect, and adhered to a project-centric policy orientation, so as to meet the reasonable financing
          needs of real estate projects, actively support the construction of a new model for real estate development, and
          contribute to the high-quality development of the real estate sector.

          As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total balance of real estate related businesses which were subject
          to credit risks, such as the actual and contingent credit, proprietary bond investments, and proprietary investment
          of non-standardised assets, amounted to RMB353.970 billion, representing a decrease of 5.38% as compared
          with the end of the previous year. The Group’s total balance of businesses which were not subject to credit risks,
          such as wealth management fund financing, entrusted loans, agency distribution of trust schemes under the active
          management by cooperative institutions, and debt financing instruments with the Group as the lead underwriter,
          amounted to RMB178.312 billion, representing a decrease of 20.01% as compared with the end of the previous
          year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of loans granted to the property development
          industry was RMB283.114 billion, representing a decrease of RMB3.251 billion as compared with the end of the
          previous year, accounting for 4.10% of the Company’s total loans and advances to customers, representing a
          decrease of 0.27 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year, among which, over 85% of
          loan balances for property development were in the urban areas of first-tier and second-tier cities and the regional
          structure remained sound. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s non-performing loan ratio of the
          property development industry was 4.64%, representing a decrease of 0.10 percentage point as compared with the
          end of the previous year.

          Going forward, the Company will continue to closely follow the national policy direction and changes in market
          situation, focus on specific regions and high-quality projects, continue to implement the urban real estate financing
          coordination mechanism and supporting measures, increase its support for “whitelist” projects adhering to market-
          oriented and law-based principles, so as to help stabilise the real estate market and promote its high-quality
          development. At the same time, the Company will continue to reasonably differentiate between the risks of project
          subsidiaries and those of the holding companies of the groups, return to the origins of the projects, continuously
          strengthen centralised risk management and post-investment and post-loan management, and strictly enforce the
          requirements for the closed management of real estate loans, so as to effectively prevent and control project risks.
          For companies experiencing temporary risk exposures, the Company will proactively take measures on risk resolution,
          so as to ensure the overall asset quality of its real estate loans remains within a controllable range.
52  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.9.4 Deposits from customers

              As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of customer deposits of the Group amounted to RMB9,836.130
              billion, representing an increase of 8.13% as compared with the end of the previous year. The main reasons for the
              growth in customer deposits were, firstly, the steady improvement in production and operation of enterprises and an
              accumulation of idle funds thanks to the recovery and positive momentum of the economy and moderately upbeat
              corporate expectations; secondly, the steady growth of saving deposits driven by some residents’ high savings
              demands due to relative prudence in their investment appetite affected by volatility in the capital market; and
              thirdly, in the face of complex external environment, the Group continued to promote effective growth in deposits
              by taking various measures such as strengthening customer base expansion and relationship management, improving
              comprehensive service level, and reinforcing deposit classification management. During the reporting period, the
              Company’s average daily balance of core deposits16 was RMB7,744.268 billion, representing an increase of 9.69%
              year-on-year; it accounted for 87.41% of the Company’s average daily balance of customer deposits, representing
              an increase of 1.17 percentage points year-on-year. The Company’s average daily balance of demand deposits was
              RMB4,421.409 billion, representing an increase of 5.82% year-on-year; it accounted for 49.90% of the Company’s
              average daily balance of customer deposits, representing a decrease of 1.13 percentage points year-on-year, mainly
              due to the trend of shifting towards time deposits in the whole market, which resulted in depressed growth of
              demand deposits.

              Looking forward to 2026, customer deposit services is expected to face both opportunities and challenges at the
              same time. In terms of opportunities, more proactive fiscal policy and moderately loose monetary policy will continue
              to take effect, fuelling stable and positive growth of the economy. The external environment for the growth of
              deposits among commercial banks is expected to experience marginal improvement, and the trend of shifting
              towards time deposits may show some signs of stabilisation. In terms of challenges, due to intensified market
              competition, it is expected that the Group will continue to face pressures in both scale growth and cost control. In
              order to maintain the high-quality growth of deposits, the Group will take the following measures. Firstly, the Group
              will return to the origin of customers acquisition, strengthen the segmentation and classification-based customer
              management, and consolidate the foundation for deposit growth through customer base expansion. Secondly,
              the Group will continue to optimise the structure of deposit growth, and strengthen the management of high-
              cost liabilities to maintain the advantages in the proportion of demand deposits and the deposit cost ratio. Thirdly,
              the Group will continue to refine the customer service system, strengthen product portfolio allocation, deepen
              operations in payment, settlement, and wealth management scenarios to attract steady low-cost deposits.

    3.9.5 Assets allocation

              The Group continued to enhance its asset allocation capabilities, strengthened the balance of multiple objectives,
              and continuously improved the quality and efficiency of its services for the real economy. Furthermore, the Group
              increased its efforts in the granting of credit assets, dynamically adjusted the allocation of bond and interbank assets
              in response to allocation needs and market conditions, and promoted the steady operation of various assets. As at
              the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB7,258.058
              billion, representing an increase of 5.37% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 55.53% of
              the total assets, representing a decrease of 1.15 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.
              Among them, retail loans were RMB3,720.191 billion, representing an increase of 2.07% as compared with the end
              of the previous year, accounting for 51.26% of the loans and advances to customers of the Group, representing a
              decrease of 1.65 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The Group continued to improve
              its service for retail customers and maintained its efforts in the origination of retail loans with steady growth in
              residential mortgage loans, micro-finance loans and consumer loans and a slight decline in credit card loans due
              to market conditions. Corporate loans amounted to RMB3,215.750 billion, representing an increase of 12.29%
              as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 44.31% of the loans and advances to customers
              of the Group, representing an increase of 2.74 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.
              The Group continued to strengthen its asset origination capabilities and actively met the financing needs of the
              real economy with steady growth in corporate loans. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s financial
              investments amounted to RMB4,100.610 billion, representing an increase of 12.58% as compared with the end
              of the previous year, accounting for 31.37% of the total assets of the Group, representing an increase of 1.40
              percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.

    16 The core deposits represent the internal management indicator for the Company’s deposits, excluding large-denomination certificates of deposit,
              structured deposits and other relatively high-cost deposits.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                      53

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Looking ahead to 2026, the Group will further improve its comprehensive customer service and promote both
quantitative growth and qualitative improvement in credit assets. In terms of retail loans, the Group will actively
implement various policies aimed at stimulating consumption. While maintaining risk prudence, the Group will
maintain its efforts in the granting of consumer loans, closely monitor market conditions, and promote steady
growth in residential mortgage loans and micro-finance loans. In terms of corporate loans, the Company will
continue to enhance high-quality asset origination capabilities, continuously optimise the structure of credit
customer base, increase its efforts of loan extension in key areas serving the real economy, and promote accelerated
growth in corporate loans by adapting to changes in the composition of financing entities in the market. In terms of
bond investment and interbank asset allocation, the Group will closely track changes in market conditions, optimise
asset allocation structure across the Bank and improve the overall return on fund utilisation.

3.9.6 The formation and disposal of non-performing assets

          During the reporting period, the newly formed non-performing loans of the Company amounted to RMB69.164
          billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB2.460 billion; the formation ratio of non-performing loans was
          1.03%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.02 percentage point. Among them, the amount of newly formed
          non-performing corporate loans was RMB7.234 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB3.988 billion.
          The amount of newly formed non-performing retail loans (excluding credit card loans) was RMB22.629 billion,
          representing a year-on-year increase of RMB6.522 billion. The amount of newly formed non-performing credit card
          loans was RMB39.301 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB74 million.

          The Company continued to consolidate the basis for implementation of the expected credit loss method,
          always adhered to value customer selection, optimised the asset portfolio allocation, and ensured adequate risk
          compensation in key areas. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s allowances for
          impairment losses on loans was RMB255.670 billion, representing a decrease of RMB4.215 billion as compared
          with the end of the previous year. The allowance coverage ratio was 399.61%, representing a decrease of 25.62
          percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The allowance-to-loan ratio was 3.70%,
          representing a decrease of 0.27 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. During the
          reporting period, the credit cost ratio was 0.58%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.05 percentage point.

          During the reporting period, the Company played an active role in the disposal of non-performing assets, taking
          various approaches to reduce and dispose of risk assets. During the reporting period, the disposal of non-performing
          loans by the Company amounted to RMB66.188 billion, of which RMB22.613 billion was written off, RMB34.232
          billion was securitised, RMB7.503 billion was recovered by cash collection, and RMB1.840 billion was disposed of by
          other means such as repossession, transfer, restructuring, upward migration and remission.

          In 2026, the Company will continuously and closely track changes in the macro situation, optimise its business
          development and risk control strategies, strengthen efforts to prevent and resolve risks in key areas, implement
          strict asset classification, make adequate allowances, strengthen the management of special-mentioned and overdue
          loans, and actively use various means to increase efforts for the disposal of non-performing assets, so as to maintain
          the overall stability of asset quality.
54  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.9.7 Asset quality in key areas

    During the reporting period, the Company continued to strengthen risk control over residential mortgage loans,
    consumer credit business, micro-finance loans and other key areas, and the asset quality was generally within
    controllable range. In 2026, the Company will actively respond to the changes in the external macro-economic
    situation and will effectively manage and mitigate risks in key areas. For details of the quality of real estate assets,
    please refer to 3.9.3 “Risk management and control in the real estate sector” in this chapter.

    The following table sets out the asset quality of the Company’s loans and advances by product type as of the date
    indicated.

                                                               31 December 2025

    (In millions of RMB,           Balance of       Balance           Non-   Balance of               Percentage    Balance of    Percentage
                                    loans and       of non-    performing        special-              of special-    overdue     of overdue
    except for percentages)         advances    performing                                            mentioned           loans
                                                                loan ratio   mentioned                  loans (%)                   loans (%)
    Corporate loans                 2,929,737          loans            (%)        loans                                22,584
    Discounted bills                  322,117                                                                                  –          0.77
    Retail loans                                     24,523    0.84               20,090              0.69                                    –
                                    3,654,670               –                                                           62,408
       Micro-finance loans            873,559                  –                  2                   0.00              12,449            1.71
       Residential mortgage loans                    39,457                                                             12,323            1.43
       Consumer credit business     1,411,093        10,663    1.08               75,145              2.06              36,718            0.87
                                    1,365,644          7,160                                                            31,075            2.69
          Credit card loans                          20,719    1.22               5,268               0.60                5,643           3.31
          Consumer loans              938,991        16,370                                                                               1.32
       Others(Note)                   426,653          4,349   0.51               22,096              1.57                  918         20.99

    Total loans and advances             4,374           915   1.52               47,757              3.50
       to customers
                                                               1.74               45,139              4.81

                                                               1.02               2,618               0.61

                                                               20.92              24                  0.55

                                   6,906,524    63,980         0.93               95,237              1.38          84,992        1.23

                                                                             31 December 2024

                                                Balance                      Balance of               Percentage
                                                                                special-              of special-
                                   Balance of   of non-        Non-                                   mentioned     Balance of    Percentage
                                   loans and                                 mentioned                 loans (%)      overdue     of overdue
    (In millions of RMB,            advances    performing performing              loans                                 loans     loans (%)

    except for percentages)        2,590,409    loans loan ratio (%)                                                   24,375            0.94
                                     379,392                                                                                  –             –
    Corporate loans                             26,132         1.01               18,562              0.72
    Discounted bills               3,577,919                                                                           62,291            1.74
    Retail loans                     823,893    –              –                  42                  0.01               8,016           0.97
                                                                                                                       11,383            0.81
       Micro-finance loans         1,403,755    34,985         0.98               63,891              1.79             41,855            3.11
       Residential mortgage loans  1,343,870                                                                           36,663            3.87
       Consumer credit business                 6,538          0.79               4,038               0.49               5,192           1.31
                                     947,709                                                                             1,037         16.20
          Credit card loans          396,161    6,761          0.48               17,933              1.28
          Consumer loans
       Others(Note)                     6,401   20,673         1.54               41,875              3.12

    Total loans and advances                    16,557         1.75               39,564              4.17
       to customers
                                                4,116          1.04               2,311               0.58

                                                1,013          15.83              45                  0.70

                                   6,547,720    61,117         0.93               82,495              1.26          86,666        1.32

    Note: Primarily consists of commercial housing loans, automobile loans and other personal loans.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                              55

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Risk control over residential mortgage loans

The Company actively implemented the national and regional policy requirements, adhered to the implementation of
city-specific policy, actively responded to the new situation where the supply-demand relationship in the real estate
market changed significantly, and supported the demands of customers who are first-time homebuyers and home
upgraders, so as to steadily conduct residential mortgage loan business. During the reporting period, the amount
of residential mortgage loans newly granted by the Company in the first-tier and second-tier cities accounted for
91.14% of the total amount of residential mortgage loans newly granted by the Company. The closing balance of
residential mortgage loans in the first-tier and second-tier cities accounted for 88.02% of the closing balance of the
Company’s residential mortgage loans.

As at the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s residential mortgage loans
was 0.51%, representing an increase of 0.03 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; the
special-mentioned loan ratio was 1.57%, representing an increase of 0.29 percentage point as compared with the
end of the previous year; and the overdue loan ratio was 0.87%, representing an increase of 0.06 percentage point
as compared with the end of the previous year. The Company had always been regularly monitoring and revaluating
the value of the existing collaterals so that adjustments to their values have been timely made. As at the end of
the reporting period, the weighted average loan-to-value ratio of the Company’s residential mortgage loans was
40.59%, representing an increase of 3.44 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year, and the
collaterals were sufficient and stable. The overall risk of residential mortgage loans was controllable.

The Company adhered to selecting high-quality customer groups in terms of its residential mortgage loan business,
offered priority support to customers who are first-time homebuyers and home upgraders for their reasonable needs
and accelerated the expansion of second-hand home mortgage business, so as to ensure the healthy development
of the residential mortgage loan business from the origin. In particular, the Company implemented a synergistic
risk prevention approach combining “human oversight” with “automated controls” to enhance monitoring of risk
concentration. This accelerated the establishment of a proactive risk management framework. In the future, against
the backdrop that the government will support the smooth development of the real estate market, the Company
will strive to maintain a relatively outstanding level of quality of residential mortgage loan assets.

Risk control over consumer credit business

The Company conducted consumer credit business for the upgraded consumption scenarios and the comprehensive
consumption scenarios of individuals or households encouraged by national policies. The Company insisted on
focusing on the acquisition of high-quality customers, strengthening differentiated operations across customer
segments and regions, and constructing an asset structure with an improved risk-return ratio. This enabled the
steady development of the consumer credit business, satisfying the reasonable consumer financing needs of
customers. Thanks to the application of various risk management strategies of the Company, the consumer credit
business maintained stable growth while the risk was generally controllable.

As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan amount of the Company’s consumer credit business
(including credit card loans and consumer loans) was RMB20.719 billion, representing an increase of RMB46 million
as compared with the end of the previous year; the non-performing loan ratio was 1.52%, representing a decrease
of 0.02 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; the special-mentioned loan ratio was
3.50%, representing an increase of 0.38 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; and the
overdue loan ratio was 2.69%, representing a decrease of 0.42 percentage point as compared with the end of the
previous year.

In the future, the Company will continue to improve the refined risk management and control strategy for consumer
credit business. On the one hand, the Company will adhere to selection of quality customers by segment before loan
granting, focusing on high-quality customer segments with stable long-term income. Meanwhile, the Company will
intensify its efforts for access to data sources and agilely iterate and upgrade its risk admission strategies. On the
other hand, the Company will strengthen post-loan monitoring by continuously expanding monitoring dimensions,
and upgrade and iterate its models to improve the accuracy of risk identification. At the same time, leveraging big
data quantitative risk control technology, the Company will closely monitor any change in the risk profile of its
customer base. For customers flagged by data monitoring as potentially at risks, the Company will intensify screening
of early warning signals to mitigate risks proactively. For customers with risks, the Company will proactively identify,
manage and control risks, actively dispose non-performing assets, and strive to maintain a relatively outstanding
level of quality of consumer credit business assets in the industry.
56  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Risk control over micro-finance loan business

    The Company adhered to the implementation of the national strategy of vigorously supporting the development
    of small- and micro-sized enterprises. The Company continuously built a differentiated and multi-tiered product
    structure and service system, and leveraged Fintech to deepen product innovation and process optimisation, so as to
    further improve the financing service experience for small- and micro-sized customers, effectively expanding credit
    coverage for small- and micro-sized enterprises.

    As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Company’s retail micro-finance loans
    was 1.22%, representing an increase of 0.43 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year; the
    special-mentioned loan ratio was 0.60%, representing an increase of 0.11 percentage point as compared with the
    end of the previous year; and the overdue loan ratio was 1.43%, representing an increase of 0.46 percentage point
    as compared with the end of the previous year.

    In the future, the Company will continue to guard the risk bottom line, pay close attention to changes in the market
    situation, and improve the capabilities to analyse and judge the risk situation. On the one hand, the Company
    will adhere to selection of quality customers by segment before loan granting, while continuing to bolster support
    for key industries and regions. On the other hand, the Company will keep increasing the risk monitoring data
    dimensions and iterating the quantitative risk control models to identify the risks earlier, give warnings earlier, and
    settle risks earlier, so as to maintain a relatively outstanding level of quality of retail micro-finance loan assets in the
    industry.

    3.9.8 Capital management

              During the reporting period, the Group steadily advanced the optimisation and adjustment of its business structure
              and operating strategies under the guidance of the Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks. It continued
              to strengthen the refined management of capital and optimise its capital structure. The Group’s capital adequacy
              ratio at all levels, leverage ratio and other key operating indicators were maintained at a relatively outstanding level,
              which met various capital requirements and additional regulatory requirements of the regulatory authorities of the
              finance industry with sufficient capital buffer. As of the end of the reporting period, the ratio of risk-weighted assets
              to total assets of the Group under the Advanced Measurement Approach was 57.69%. During the reporting period,
              the risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC, before tax) under the Advanced Measurement Approach of the Group
              and the Company was 23.63% and 23.64% respectively.

              The Group continuously advances its asset securitisation business. During the reporting period, the Company issued
              12 asset securitisation projects through the inter-bank market with a total scale of RMB3.522 billion.

              In the future, the Group will continue to optimise the capital allocation strategies, reinforce the asset-liability
              management, improve the capital return management mechanism, strengthen integrated customer management,
              improve the efficiency of capital use, and promote the coordinated development of quality, profitability and scale.
              At the same time, the Group will ensure both internal and external capital replenishment, and make use of various
              capital instruments and raise capital in numerous channels and methods to consolidate the capital base and ensure
              the steady operation of the capital adequacy ratio.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     57

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.10 Business Operation

3.10.1 Retail finance business

          Business overview

          During the reporting period, the profit before tax from the retail finance business of the Company amounted
          to RMB87.417 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.65%. The net operating income from the retail
          finance business amounted to RMB185.264 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.73% and accounting
          for 61.93% of the net operating income of the Company. The net interest income from the retail finance business
          amounted to RMB136.978 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.74% and accounting for 73.94% of
          the net operating income from retail finance; the net non-interest income from the retail finance business amounted
          to RMB48.286 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.46%, accounting for 26.06% of the net operating
          income from retail finance and 53.46% of the net non-interest income of the Company. During the reporting
          period, the fee and commission income from retail wealth management business of the Company was RMB23.794
          billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.85% and accounting for 51.27% of the net fee and commission
          income from retail finance; and the Company recorded a fee income of RMB13.516 billion from retail bank card
          business, representing a year-on-year decrease of 18.74%.

          During the reporting period, by adhering to its core value of “being customer-centric and creating value for
          customers”, the Company focused on customers’ need in “deposit, loan, and remittance”, enriched its product
          offerings, enhanced service models, deepened customer operation, and continued to consolidate its systematic
          strengths in retail finance to provide customers with comprehensive retail finance services. During the reporting
          period, the retail business of the Company maintained a good momentum of development.

          Retail customers and total assets under management for retail customers

          During the reporting period, the Company always took the needs of customers as the starting point, focused on
          value creation and persistently enhanced quality and efficiency of customer services. On one hand, the Company
          strengthened customer acquisition. The Company deeply promoted the strategic deployment in key regions,
          continuously strengthened its customer acquisition capabilities in group finance service, and tapped into the growth
          potential of high-quality customer base. On the other hand, the Company enhanced customer service. The Company
          looked back to the origin of customer demand, improved the service system, enhanced professional service
          capabilities and continued to push forward the digital and intelligent transformation of customer service. During the
          reporting period, the number of retail customers and the balance of the total assets under management (AUM) from
          retail customers of the Company maintained stable growth.

          As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 224 million retail customers (including debit and credit card
          customers), representing an increase of 6.67% as compared with the end of the previous year, among which the
          number of customers in the level of Golden Sunflower and above (those with minimum daily average total assets of
          RMB500,000 for each month) reached 5,931,500, representing an increase of 13.29% as compared with the end of
          the previous year.

          As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of total assets under management (AUM) from retail customers
          of the Company amounted to RMB17,082.519 billion, representing an increase of 14.44% as compared with the
          end of the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of deposits from retail customers of the
          Company amounted to RMB4,265.528 billion, representing an increase of 11.49% as compared with the end of the
          previous year. During the reporting period, 49.01% of the daily average balance of deposits from retail customers of
          the Company was demand deposits.
58  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Wealth management

    As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of retail wealth management products amounted
    to RMB4,412.783 billion, representing an increase of 12.20% as compared with the end of the previous year. The
    increase was mainly due to the fact that the Company took the provision of stable products as the main thread,
    drove the deployment of diversified option-embedded strategies based on customers’ diverse wealth allocation
    needs, and the scale of wealth management products continued to grow. During the reporting period, the agency
    distribution of non-money-market mutual funds of the Company totalled RMB706.466 billion, representing an
    increase of 18.13% year-on-year. The increase was mainly due to the increase in allocation of option-embedded
    products as the Company capitalised on opportunities within the capital markets by focusing on customer needs.
    During the reporting period, the Company recorded RMB224.770 billion in agency distribution of trust schemes,
    representing an increase of 155.65% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, which was
    mainly due to the marginal improvement in customers’ risk appetite and increased willingness in option-embedded
    product allocation owing to the recovery in equity markets. During the reporting period, the Company achieved the
    agency distribution of insurance premiums of RMB147.655 billion, representing an increase of 25.96% year-on-
    year, which was mainly due to the fact that the Company proactively expanded and enriched its product portfolio,
    including protection insurance and commercial pensions, and effectively met its customers’ diverse financial
    protection needs through professional protection planning services.

    During the reporting period, the Company recorded a fee and commission income from retail wealth management
    business of RMB23.794 billion. Among them, income from agency distribution of wealth management products
    amounted to RMB8.863 billion. Income from agency distribution of funds amounted to RMB6.102 billion. Income
    from agency distribution of insurance policies amounted to RMB4.951 billion. Income from agency distribution of
    trust schemes amounted to RMB3.502 billion. Other income amounted to RMB376 million. For details of the reasons
    of changes in fee and commission income from wealth management business, please refer to 3.9.2 “Net non-
    interest income” in this chapter.

    During the reporting period, driven by customers’ needs, the Company focused on value creation, seized market
    opportunities, constantly improved management level, and continuously upgraded its omni-channel service system to
    provide customers with high-quality wealth management service.

    First, the Company improved its wealth management operation system to improve whole-journey professional
    services. Centred on customers’ core investment and functional needs amid evolving trends, the Company
    proactively addressed falling interest rates and shifting risk appetites. Driven by investment and research capabilities,
    the Company maintained diversified product allocation, enhanced differentiated companion service capabilities and
    fostered the growth in the scale of customers holding wealth management products distributed by the Company. As
    of the end of the reporting period, the number of retail customers holding wealth management products distributed
    by the Company reached 64,122,500, representing an increase of 10.15% as compared with the end of the previous
    year.

    Second, the Company provided customers with diversified product offerings in response to customers’ wealth
    management needs. In terms of wealth management, the Company continued to promote the transformation of the
    product allocation structure centred on stable products in accordance with customer’ asset allocation needs. In terms
    of funds, the Company further enhanced its research and analysis of market trends and policies, and capitalised on
    market opportunities to enhance the product holding experience. In terms of insurance, the Company leveraged
    different products and services to meet customers’ diverse needs, such as health, elderly care, and inheritance. At
    the same time, the Company continued to deepen customer service, promoted the growth of business scale, and
    expanded customer coverage through the segmentation and classification-based refined operation.

    Third, the Company constantly promoted the “CMB TREE Asset Allocation Service System”. The Company promoted
    the implementation of multi-asset and multi-strategy allocation, deepened customer support services, and continued
    to promote the “TREE Long Earnings Plan”. The Company provided a one-stop asset allocation solution for
    customers. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 11,756,800 customers who conducted asset
    allocation under such system, representing an increase of 13.31% as compared with the end of the previous year.

    Fourth, the Company worked with partners to build a wealth management ecosystem to enhance comprehensive
    wealth management service capabilities. The Company strengthened its omni-channel integrated operations,
    deepened collaborative co-creation models with partners, continuously innovated premium services centred on
    customer needs, and leveraged its digital and intelligent capabilities to enhance collaborative efficiency. As of the
    end of the reporting period, “Zhao Cai Hao (‫ם‬ৌ໮)”, an open platform of wealth management business on CMB
    APP, has onboarded in total 172 institutions with industry representativeness, to create value for customers and
    partners through jointly built service scenarios.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                  59

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Private banking

As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 199,326 private banking customers (retail customers of
the Company with minimum total daily average assets of RMB10 million per month), representing an increase of
17.87% as compared with the end of the previous year.

During the reporting period, the Company strengthened its professional guidance and coordination between
corporate banking business and private banking business, and built an efficient integrated service matrix by
enhancing its capabilities in terms of investment research and asset allocation to provide customers with exclusive
comprehensive private banking services.

Firstly, the Company strengthened asset allocation in response to changes in market. While meeting customers’ core
demands for stability and safety, the Company responded to their risk appetite and changes thereof, proactively
seized opportunities in the capital markets, enhanced the deployment of equity products and provided differentiated
asset allocation strategies. The Company continuously deepened the allocation of protection insurance products
to address customers’ needs for wealth succession and retirement planning. In a volatile market environment,
underpinned by professional investment research, the Company continuously carried out asset review and
engagement with customers to constantly improve their investment experience.

Secondly, the Company deepened technological empowerment and optimised customer experience. The Company
upgraded the customer online service journey to deliver a more user-friendly online service experience. The Company
leveraged digital and intelligent technologies to upgrade its professional service capabilities, and provided customers
with a one-stop and visualised asset allocation service solutions. It also built its digital support capabilities for family
trust operation and protection allocation, and created personalised AI assistants for relationship managers, thereby
continuously enhancing the quality and efficiency of customer services.

Thirdly, the Company fulfilled its social responsibility and promoted wealth for common good. Adhering to the
mission of serving the real economy, the Company integrated resources through collaboration between its corporate
banking business and private banking business to fully meet the comprehensive needs of entrepreneurial clients in
wealth management, corporate financing, social charity, etc. By constantly enriching the variety of family trust, and
expanding innovative service models such as charitable trust, the Company advocated wealth for common good and
empowered its customers to create social value.

Fourthly, the Company strengthened compliance foundation and enhanced risk management capabilities. The
Company implemented the relevant requirements for consumer rights protection, strengthened the whole-process
compliance in sales by building digital monitoring models, standardising marketing activities and improving
inspection mechanism, and improved matching between customers and products, so as to effectively prevent risks
and ensure the sound operation of the business.

Credit cards

As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had issued an aggregate of 97.4510 million active credit cards,
and there were 70.1065 million active credit card users. During the reporting period, the credit card transactions
of the Company amounted to RMB4,082.047 billion, representing a decrease of 7.62% as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year. Interest income from credit cards amounted to RMB59.660 billion,
representing a decrease of 7.30% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Non-interest
income from credit cards amounted to RMB20.353 billion, representing a decrease of 15.73% as compared with
the corresponding period of the previous year. For details of the scale and quality of the credit card loans of the
Company, please refer to 3.9.7 “Asset quality in key areas” in this chapter.
60  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    The Company continuously deepened its operation strategy focusing on “stability and low volatility”, advanced
    the optimisation of its customer base and asset structure, and promoted service and product upgrades, while
    constantly strengthening its digital and intelligent operation capabilities to help improve operational quality
    and efficiency. Firstly, the Company focused on high-quality customer acquisition and enhanced the card usage
    experience. Capitalising on technological and industrial trends, the Company launched the Engineer Card (ʈ೻ࢪ
    ̔); the Company deepened e-commerce partnerships with the introduction of the Tmall Supermarket Co-branded
    Card (˂፟൴̹ᑌΤ̔); the Company refreshed the American Express Centurion Card (ߕ਷༶ஷϵ˃‫ )̔ڗ‬for travel
    scenarios; and the Company was one of the first batch of companies in the industry to launch UnionPay-Visa dual-
    branded chip card to continually enhance customer payment experience. Secondly, the Company actively responded
    to policies to stimulate consumption, and took multiple measures to help boost consumption. The Company focused
    on key consumption scenarios such as national subsidies, tourism and e-commerce, continued to allocate resources
    to launch marketing campaigns around key periods including public holidays, major e-commerce promotions and
    year-end sales, thereby helping to unlock residents’ consumption potential. Thirdly, the Company enhanced its
    high-quality asset origination capabilities, enhanced digital and intelligent operational capabilities and promoted
    the development of its instalment asset business. Furthermore, it deepened automobile instalment business,
    strengthened online-offline marketing synergy and improved multi-brand business development, thus enhancing
    its comprehensive service capabilities. Fourthly, the Company deepened technological empowerment, strengthened
    AI capability development, and advanced the deep integration of AI technology with business scenarios to drive
    enhancements in customer experience and operational efficiency through technological innovation. In addition, the
    Company has further deepened the operation of the CMB Life APP. For details of the CMB Life APP, please refer to
    3.10.3 “Distribution channels” in this chapter.

    Retail loans

    As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of retail loans of the Company amounted to RMB3,654.670
    billion, representing an increase of 2.15% as compared with the end of the previous year and accounting for
    52.92% of the Company’s total loans and advances to customers, down by 1.72 percentage points as compared
    with the end of the previous year. Among them, the balance of the Company’s retail loans (excluding credit card
    loans) reached RMB2,715.679 billion, representing an increase of 3.25% as compared with the end of the previous
    year, accounting for 39.32% of total loans and advances to customers of the Company and representing a decrease
    of 0.85 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.

    During the reporting period, the Company proactively implemented various national policies concerning the real
    estate, adhered to the implementation of city-specific policy, continued to focus on meeting demands of first-time
    home buyers and diversified housing demands for improvement of home upgraders, and accelerated the promotion
    of second-hand housing business, thus achieving stable and healthy development of the residential mortgage loan
    business. Furthermore, while maintaining proper risk control management, the Company continuously optimised its
    business structure and maintained its efforts in the reasonable granting of micro-finance loans and consumer loans.
    With respect to micro-finance loans, the Company strictly followed various regulatory requirements, constantly
    improved product policies, strengthened service systems, actively promoted product innovation and process
    improvement, and implemented a scientific and reasonable pricing mechanism, thus fully enhancing the quality and
    efficiency of services for micro-finance loan customers. With respect to the consumer loan business, the Company
    persisted in focusing on the acquisition and management of high-quality customers, and leveraging its strengths in
    both retail customer resources and financial technology. Through digital and intelligent technologies, it broadened
    batch customer acquisition channels and innovated customer management models, achieving stable business growth
    and dynamic balance in asset quality. Concurrently, it continuously optimised risk pricing capabilities to strike a
    balance between returns and risks. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company recorded a balance of
    residential mortgage loans of RMB1,411.093 billion, representing an increase of 0.52% as compared with the end
    of the previous year. The balance of retail micro-finance loans amounted to RMB873.559 billion, representing an
    increase of 6.03% as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of consumer loans amounted to
    RMB426.653 billion, up by 7.70% as compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                       61

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.10.2 Wholesale finance

          Business overview

          During the reporting period, the Company achieved profit before tax from wholesale finance business of RMB80.378
          billion, representing a decrease of 4.21% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The
          net operating income from wholesale finance business of the Company was RMB120.061 billion, representing an
          increase of 0.80% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and accounting for 40.13%
          of the net operating income of the Company. Among them, net interest income of wholesale finance business
          amounted to RMB80.985 billion, representing an increase of 16.06% as compared with the corresponding period
          of the previous year, and accounting for 67.45% of the net operating income of wholesale finance business; the
          net non-interest income of wholesale finance business amounted to RMB39.076 billion, representing a decrease of
          20.80% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and accounting for 32.55% of the net
          operating income of wholesale finance business, and 43.27% of the net non-interest income of the Company.

          During the reporting period, the Company actively integrated into the development of the national modern industrial
          system, accelerated the development of its advantages of featured finance, continued to advance the systematic
          development of its wholesale finance operations, and consistently enhanced the quality and efficiency of serving the
          real economy.

          Closely aligning with customer requirements, the Company leveraged diverse market funding sources, including
          direct and indirect financing, while harnessing synergies with group subsidiaries and coordination between domestic
          and overseas institutions, to meet the on- and off-balance-sheet financing needs of its customers. As of the end
          of the reporting period, the Company’s balance of the financing products aggregate to corporate customers (FPA)
          was RMB6,730.373 billion17, representing an increase of RMB671.350 billion over the beginning of the year. Among
          them, the balance of traditional financing18 was RMB3,992.355 billion, representing an increase of RMB408.476
          billion over the beginning of the year; the balance of non-traditional financing19 was RMB2,738.018 billion,
          representing an increase of RMB262.874 billion over the beginning of the year. The balance of non-traditional
          financing accounted for 40.68% of the balance of FPA, representing a decrease of 0.17 percentage point over
          the beginning of the year, mainly due to the growth in corporate loans driving an increase in the proportion of
          traditional financing in the FPA.

          Wholesale customers

          The Company has established a corporate customer service system with segmentation and classification-based
          management for strategic customers, institutional customers, financial institution customers, cross-border customers
          and basic customers. During the reporting period, the Company continued to refine its segmentation-based customer
          management approach, deepened classification-based customer operations, anchored its efforts in key sectors of
          the modern industrial system, and strengthened its capacity for high-quality customer acquisition. Accordingly, both
          the scale and quality of wholesale customers have been improved. As of the end of the reporting period, the total
          number of corporate customers of the Company was 3,622,500, representing an increase of 14.40% as compared
          with the end of the previous year. The number of newly acquired corporate customers during the reporting period
          was 657,200.

17 Since the scope of cross-border coordination financing and other businesses included in FPA was adjusted in this period, the same-calibre adjustment
          was made to the data at the beginning of the period, with the opening balance of the adjusted FPA of RMB6,059.023 billion, of which the balance of
          traditional financing totalled RMB3,583.879 billion and the balance of non-traditional financing totalled RMB2,475.144 billion.

18 Traditional financing comprises general corporate loans and commercial bills discounting (including transfer-out of outstanding bills), acceptance, letters of
          credit, financial letters of guarantee and non-financial letters of guarantee.

19 The eight compositions of non-traditional financing include: asset operation, proprietary non-standardised corporate investments, financing wealth
          management, debt financing instruments with the Company as the lead underwriter, matching transactions, financial leasing, cross-border coordination
          financing and arranging syndicated loans.
62  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    In terms of its strategic customers, the Company continued to enhance industry insights, innovated product
    offerings and service models, deepened operations centred on strategic customers and their industrial and
    investment chains, elevated integrated and differentiated services, iterated industry-specialised operational systems
    for strategic customers, and accelerated the development of an industry-specific financial framework. As of the end
    of the reporting period, the Company had 328 strategic customers of the Head Office level20, with a daily average
    balance of deposits of RMB1,090.132 billion, representing an increase of 3.24% on the same calibre as compared
    with the previous year, and the balance of loans was RMB1,198.956 billion, representing an increase of 11.92% as
    compared with the beginning of the year. As of the end of the reporting period, the number of strategic customers
    of the Company of the branch level21 was 7,073, with a daily average balance of deposits of RMB867.185 billion,
    representing an increase of 6.95% on the same calibre as compared with the previous year, and the balance of
    loans was RMB422.989 billion, representing an increase of 6.14% as compared with the beginning of the year.

    With regard to its institutional customers, the Company continued to solidify its service and operating foundation
    with key customers from sectors such as finance, housing and construction, tobacco, and government funds, while
    actively expanding its reach to potential customers, continuously developing a distinctive digital and intelligent
    product and service system and steadily advancing specialised services for target customers. In terms of serving
    national government institutions, the Company aligned with policy directions, and strove to build a new benchmark
    for specialised, featured, digital and differentiated services by centring on qualification acquisition, platform
    access and data collaboration. During the reporting period, the Company successfully won the bid for the Central
    Government’s Non-Tax Revenue Collection Agency Qualification again with outstanding performance, and became
    one of the first banks to partner with the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development in its “one-stop service”
    for personal home loans with housing provident fund, as well as one of the first batch of banks to achieve system
    connection and cooperation with the Ministry of Civil Affairs’ fund supervision platform. In terms of serving local
    government institutions, the Company took promoting high-quality development as its core orientation, focusing
    on the demands for intellectual, financing, project, and technology support to build a government industry-finance
    service system, continuously iterated solutions, and boasted market recognition with its comprehensive service
    capabilities. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 75,700 institutional customers, representing an
    increase of 18.28% as compared with the end of the previous year, with an average daily RMB deposit balance of
    RMB1,058.926 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.51%.

    With regard to its financial institution customers, the Company adopted a customer-centric approach, improved the
    segmentation and classification-based management system for financial institution customers, strengthened full-
    cycle and comprehensive management of top-tiered financial institution customers, deepened understanding of
    customers, and advanced and refined specialised and integrated operations for industry customers. At the same
    time, the Company continued to collaborate with policy banks to enhance the coverage of funds from sub-loans for
    inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises in pilot areas, thus better serving small- and micro-sized enterprises.

    With regard to its cross-border customers, the Company thoroughly implemented the policy of high-level opening-
    up, actively practised the principle that financial services should serve the real economy. Centred on the customers,
    it improved its cross-border financial product and service matrix, positioning cross-border finance as an important
    lever for the acquisition and engagement of high-quality customers of corporate finance. It strengthened
    segmentation and classification-based operations targeting top-tiered, mid-tiered and basic cross-border customer
    segments, thereby consolidating its cross-border customer base. During the reporting period, the Company had
    103,100 corporate customers in respect of international balance of payments, representing a year-on-year increase
    of 17.23%.

    With regard to basic customers, the Company used digital intelligence to reshape the service journey and optimised
    the service framework for basic customer segments through various online service channels, thereby enhancing the
    efficiency of services provided to the basic customers and forming a virtuous cycle of upgrade and tiered growth
    of basic customers, with continuous optimisation of the customer tier structure. During the reporting period, the
    Company effectively reached and served 3,151,800 corporate customers through online and offline channels,
    representing a year-on-year increase of 28.92%. During the reporting period, the Company had 1,529,400 corporate
    customers for withholding transactions, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.41%. The transaction amount
    was RMB2.50 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.65%.

    20 The number of strategic customers of the Head Office level refers to the number of strategic customer groups at the Head Office level served by the
              Company. There was an adjustment to the list of strategic customers of the Head Office level in 2025, and the same-calibre adjustment was made to the
              relevant 2024 data.

    21 The number of strategic customers of the branch level refers to the corporate legal entity number of strategic customers of the branch level served by
              the Company. There was an adjustment to the list of strategic customers of the branch level in 2025, and the same-calibre adjustment was made to the
              relevant 2024 data.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                           63

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Corporate customer deposits

During the reporting period, the Company maintained a close watch on market liquidity growth and structural
shifts. By integrating external conditions with internal policies, it continuously enhanced its systematic capabilities
for managing high-quality liabilities, thereby proactively addressing evolving internal and external circumstances.
Concurrently, it focused on capturing the “incremental” market represented by fiscal funds while consolidating the
“existing” market characterised by corporate deposits. Operating under the principle of “volume-price equilibrium”,
the Company persistently refined its operation and management measures. As of the end of the reporting period,
corporate customer deposit balance was RMB5,195.362 billion, representing an increase of 4.90% as compared
with the end of the previous year. The average daily balance of corporate customer deposits was RMB4,929.671
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.64%. Demand deposits accounted for 50.62% of the average daily
balance of corporate customer deposits, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.51 percentage points. During
the reporting period, the average cost rate of corporate customer deposits was 1.21%, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 37 basis points.

Corporate loans

As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s total corporate loans amounted to RMB2,929.737 billion,
representing an increase of 13.10% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 42.42% of the
Company’s total loans and advances and representing an increase of 2.86 percentage points as compared with the
end of the previous year. Among them, the balance of medium- and long-term domestic corporate loans amounted
to RMB1,649.709 billion, representing an increase of 8.36% as compared with the end of the previous year,
accounting for 58.43% of the total domestic corporate loans and representing a decrease of 2.47 percentage points
as compared with the end of the previous year. As of the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio
of the corporate loans was 0.84%, representing a decrease of 0.17 percentage point as compared with the end of
the previous year.

As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to domestic national-standard large enterprises
was RMB1,164.281 billion, representing an increase of 4.96% as compared with the end of the previous year,
accounting for 41.24% of the domestic corporate loans, and representing a decrease of 3.12 percentage points
as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of loans to domestic national-standard medium-sized
enterprises was RMB585.252 billion, representing an increase of 2.00% as compared with the end of the previous
year, accounting for 20.73% of the domestic corporate loans and representing a decrease of 2.22 percentage
points as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of domestic national-standard small- and micro-
sized enterprise loans was RMB842.157 billion, representing an increase of 35.19% as compared with the end of
the previous year, accounting for 29.83% of the domestic corporate loans and representing an increase of 4.91
percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. The balance of other loans extended by domestic
institutions to enterprises22 was RMB231.699 billion, representing an increase of 19.35% as compared with the end
of the previous year, accounting for 8.20% of the domestic corporate loans and representing an increase of 0.43
percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year.

During the reporting period, the Company closely aligned its operations with national macro-economic policies,
prioritising the expansion of loans in key areas such as technology finance, green finance, and inclusive finance.
Concurrently, it maintained steady and orderly operation of its real estate business. As of the end of the reporting
period, the balance of the corporate loans extended to the manufacturing industry was RMB733.612 billion,
representing an increase of 14.36% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 25.04% of
the total corporate loans, and representing an increase of 0.28 percentage point as compared with the end of the
previous year. The balance of corporate green loans was RMB443.434 billion, representing an increase of 20.72% as
compared with the beginning of the year, accounting for 15.14% of the total corporate loans, and representing an
increase of 0.96 percentage point as compared with the beginning of the year. For loans in the field of real estate,
please refer to Chapter 3.9.3. For the details of green finance business, please refer to Chapter 4.2.3.

22 Such loans include loans extended by domestic institutions to overseas and offshore customers, domestic non-enterprise customers and self-employed
          businesses.
64  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Technology finance business

    During the reporting period, the Company took technology finance as the main direction of serving the real
    economy, driving high-quality development of financial services supporting technological innovation through
    deepening the “ecologicalisation, specialisation and systematisation” framework.

    In terms of ecologicalisation, the Company strengthened channel collaboration around the innovation ecosystem,
    capital ecosystem, and industrial ecosystem for science and technology, enhancing the quality and effectiveness
    of full-spectrum services for a broader scope of sci-tech enterprises. The Company partnered with the 14th China
    Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition as a supporting bank, to provide financial services to participating
    enterprises. Leveraging relevant national policies of further expanding the pilot scheme for financial asset investment
    companies’ equity investments, the Company established China Merchants Bank Financial Asset Investment Co., Ltd.
    to empower technological innovation.

    In terms of specialisation, the Company upgraded the “Qualification Points” evaluation model to enhance its ability
    to identify enterprises’ scientific and technological innovation attributes. The Company closely followed regulatory
    policies and facilitated the rapid implementation of M&A loans for sci-tech enterprises, underwriting of technological
    innovation bonds, relending for technological innovation and technical upgrades, and other businesses. The
    Company issued RMB5 billion Greater Bay Area-themed technology innovation bonds, with proceeds specifically
    allocated to support technological innovation, thereby empowering the growth and development of sci-tech
    enterprises through comprehensive financial services. Targeting high-frequency scenarios for sci-tech enterprises,
    building upon the financing product exclusively designed for sci-tech enterprises, “Sci-tech Loan (߅௴൲)”, the
    Company introduced sub-products such as “Sci-tech Talent Loan (߅௴ɛʑ൲)” and “Sci-tech Technical Renovation
    Loan (߅௴Ҧҷ൲)”. These provided scenario-based financing support for start-up and growth-stage sci-tech
    enterprises.

    In terms of systematisation, the Company strengthened the development of the “1+20+100” technology finance
    organisational structure23, established the Technology Finance Department of the Head Office, and continuously
    deepened the construction of the “six specialised” work mechanism which covers specialised policies, products,
    processes, institutions, teams, and assessments, thereby increasing policy support and resource investment in
    technology finance. The Company structured its services around the four cycles of technological innovation:
    innovative talents, innovative technology, innovative products, and innovative industries. By curating service
    scenarios, building service ecosystems, and innovating service content, the Company upgraded and developed a
    comprehensive “4×3” matrix-based technology finance service solution.

    As of the reporting period, the Company served 350,100 sci-tech enterprise customers, including 208,500
    enterprises24 listed on sci-tech rankings; the balance of technology loans amounted to RMB1,036.854 billion,
    representing an increase of 8.06% as compared with the beginning of the year.

    Inclusive finance business

    During the reporting period, the Company continued to enhance the competitiveness of its digital and intelligent
    inclusive finance products, risk compliance management and marketing capabilities in inclusive finance, and cultivate
    differentiated and intelligent competitive advantages in inclusive finance operations to improve the quality and
    efficiency of serving the real economy. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans granted by the
    Company to inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises amounted to RMB962.139 billion, representing an increase
    of RMB74.460 billion or 8.39% as compared with the end of the previous year. The growth rate of such loans was
    2.91 percentage points higher than the overall loan growth rate. The number of inclusive small- and micro-sized
    enterprises with loan balance was 1,224,700, representing an increase of 147,400 as compared with the end of the
    previous year. During the reporting period, the Company has newly issued inclusive loans of RMB646.929 billion
    for inclusive small- and micro-sized enterprises, with an average interest rate of 3.65%, representing a year-on-year
    decrease of 57 basis points.

    23 Refers to the organisational structure comprising 1 technology finance committee, 20 key technology finance branches, and 100 specialised technology
              finance sub-branches.

    24 Includes enterprises featured on technology-focused lists such as National Champion Enterprises in Manufacturing, National Demonstration Enterprises for
              Technological Innovation, Specialised, Refined, Distinctive and Innovative “Little Giant” Enterprises, and Specialised, Refined, Distinctive and Innovative
              SMEs.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                65

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

With regard to its supply chain and scenario-based finance, the Company actively responded to the national call to
“better serve SME financing”, comprehensively optimising the system functionality and credit processes of credit-
based25 products while continuously improving user experience. Concurrently, the Company persistently explored the
“de-core model”26, steadily building benchmark projects. Both product offerings and customer base grew steadily,
with further enhancements in scenario-based data risk control capabilities, data governance capabilities, and
industry-specific professional service capabilities. During the reporting period, the business volume of the Company’s
supply chain financing amounted to RMB1,104.985 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.90%. The
Company served 10,110 core enterprises of the supply chain, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.38%, and
served 60,007 upstream and downstream entities, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.80%.

Retirement finance business

During the reporting period, the Company, with the goal of establishing itself as the best professional retirement
financial service organisation in China, continued to deepen its business presence in the three major areas of pension
finance, elderly care service finance and elderly care industry finance and built four-in-one innovative advantage by
integrating “products + services + channels + technology”. In terms of elderly care service finance, by leveraging its
strengths in wealth management and financial technology, the Company refined the customer experience, enhanced
service capabilities, and established a comprehensive full-cycle retirement financial services system. In terms of
elderly care industry finance, the Company provided tailored corporate loan products and services for various key
customer groups within the elderly care sector, driving rapid growth in loans to the elderly care industry. In terms
of pension finance, the Company leveraged the advantages of multi-licensed operations to vigorously advance the
systematic development of business operations across all specialised sectors, forging distinctive and differentiated
competitive advantages, so as to deepen and expand financial services for the three-pillar pension insurance system.

In terms of the first pillar, the Company participated in the national social security informatisation initiative, actively
cooperating with human resources and social security departments to promote the issuance and application of the
electronic social security cards nationwide, and enhancing digital services for basic pension insurance. During the
reporting period, the Company offered convenient online services for 21,218,600 insured persons, such as social
security inquiry and business handling, and supported “nearby service (ఱ‫ڐ‬፬)” and “on-line service (౛ɪ፬)” for
social security. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company has issued a total of 94,133,700 electronic social
security cards, representing an increase of 22.15% as compared with the end of the previous year.

In terms of the second pillar, the Company leveraged its advantages of multiple licenses, including entrustment,
custody and account management, to provide high-quality services to occupational annuity agents and corporate
annuity trustees. It continued to build an annuity service system in accordance with the requirements of being a
trustee characterised by “managing returns effectively”, “controlling risks well” and “delivering excellent services”.
As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s scale of annuity under management hit a new high, exceeding
RMB300 billion, and the number of individual customers associated with account management services of corporate
annuity was close to 2.40 million.

In terms of the third pillar, the Company seized the opportunity presented by the full implementation of the private
pension scheme to actively promote private pension accounts. As of the end of the reporting period, the number
of private pension accounts exceeded 15 million, and the amount of contributions was among the highest in the
market.

At the same time, the Company provided in-depth services to the three-pillar pension system through its custody
operations, continuously enhancing specialised operational service standards to support the preservation and growth
of pension assets. As of the end of the reporting period, the pension funds under custody amounted to RMB1.55
trillion.

25 The “credit-based” refers to a scenario in supply chain finance where the financing of upstream and downstream enterprises relies upon the credit limit
          granted to the “core enterprises” by financial institutions.

26 The “de-core model” refers to a scenario in supply chain finance where upstream and downstream enterprises can secure financing without requiring
          credit support from the “core enterprises”.
66  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Bill business

    During the reporting period, the Company remained steadfastly customer-centric, continuously enhancing its
    customer service capabilities. The Company drove innovation to upgrade its bill product service system, delivering a
    more comprehensive, intelligent, efficient and specialised customer experience. The Company remained committed
    to serving the real economy, fostering steady growth in asset origination, optimising asset management capabilities,
    and strengthening its resilience to external market fluctuations. During the reporting period, the number of
    customers of bill business of the Company was 224,300 with a year-on-year increase of 13.99%, of which micro-,
    small- and medium-sized customers amounted to 188,100, accounting for 83.86%. The volume of direct bill
    discounting business of the Company was RMB2,905.431 billion during the reporting period, representing a year-
    on-year increase of 12.89%, ranking second in the market (data from the China Banking Association), of which
    the volume of commercial acceptance bill discounting business was RMB352.505 billion, ranking first in the market
    (data from the Commercial Bank Bill Business Association). As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s
    bill discounting balance was RMB322.117 billion, representing a decrease of 15.10% as compared with the end of
    the previous year, mainly due to the fact that the Company adjusted and optimised asset allocation driven by the
    decreased interest rate in the bill market.

    Transaction banking business

    During the reporting period, the Company continued to deepen the development of its distinctive “Enterprise
    Digital Intelligent Finance (Άุᅰ౽‫ږ‬ፄ)” brand. Based on production and operation scenarios of enterprises, it
    comprehensively upgraded digital and intelligent financial services across three core dimensions: inclusive digital
    intelligence, scenario-based finance, and treasury management. Through providing an integrated product service
    system27 of “Collection, Payment, Treasury Management, Financing, and Connection”, the Company actively
    integrated itself into the digital transformation of enterprises. It reshaped the enterprise service ecosystem through
    “AI + finance”, which empowered the bidirectional circulation of enterprise operation and capital operation. The
    Company continued to create value for its corporate customers and build differentiated competitive advantages in
    corporate finance.

    Leveraging Fintech, the Company accelerated the digital and intelligent transformation of corporate banking
    business and enhanced the convenience and efficiency of “inclusive digital intelligence” services. During the
    reporting period, the online service coverage of the financing business of the Company was further enhanced. Based
    on digital risk control technology, the Company continued to upgrade its “Flash Series (৪ཥӻΐ)” of domestic
    trade finance products to improve the handling efficiency of short-term financing for enterprises. The Company
    upgraded the “Instant Issuance of Letter of Guarantee (‫ڭ‬Ռ৪ཥක)” service and the Guarantee e-Butler service,
    efficiently meeting customer requirements. Furthermore, the Company continued to expand the in-depth application
    of artificial intelligence technology, launching the corporate intelligent assistant, “AI Xiao Zhao (AI ʃ‫”)ם‬, to provide
    intelligent services including product operation guidance and treasury data analysis. As at the end of the reporting
    period, “AI Xiao Zhao (AI ʃ‫ ”)ם‬accumulatively served 267,100 corporate customers for a total of 1,479,200 times.
    During the reporting period, the business volume of domestic letters of credit and domestic letters of guarantee of
    the Company amounted to RMB690.090 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.14%; and the domestic
    trade finance business volume amounted to RMB1,642.255 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.56%.

    The Company also actively explored the comprehensive digital services for enterprises under the scenario of
    “integration of business and finance”. As for the procurement scenario, based on the whole procurement process
    of enterprises, the Company focused on the “Payment Centre (˹ಛʕː)” to deliver one-stop procurement payment
    processing, offering enterprises full-cycle digitalised and scenario-based comprehensive payment services that are
    secure, efficient, cost-effective and intelligent. As for the corporate sales scenario, the Company built upon the
    “Corporate Cashier (Άุϗვ̨)” to achieve component-based collection and scenario-based service capability
    upgrades. The Company developed standardised enterprise collection services and customised industry cashier
    solutions based on the needs of corporate customers of different business sizes, transforming payment services from
    merely functional to contextually effective, thereby facilitating the digital upgrade of customers’ sales management.
    During the reporting period, the Company served 76,500 corporate customers via Corporate Cashier, representing
    a year-on-year increase of 23.19%; and the transaction amount was RMB3.55 trillion, representing a year-on-year
    increase of 14.74%.

    27 The integrated product service system of “Collection, Payment, Treasury Management, Financing and Connection” refers to a series of products and
              services in the scenarios of enterprise collection, payment, treasury management, financing and ecological connection.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                             67

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Based on the demand for upgrading treasury management, the Company took the Treasury Management Cloud
as the digital service platform for enterprises to assist different types of enterprises in improving their efficiency
in allocating financial resources. To meet customer requirements for value-based treasury development, the
Company enhanced capabilities of the system across six key domains: cash operations, resource management,
intelligent invoicing, global treasury, risk prevention and control, and strategic decision-making, and launched its
new-generation digital and intelligent treasury product suite. At the same time, actively responding to the needs
of large corporate group customers to accelerate the construction of treasury systems, the Company provided
professional and comprehensive treasury management solutions for central state-owned enterprises, provincial
and municipal state-owned enterprises, listed companies, and cross-border customers through an advisory service
approach combining “Consulting + Technology + Finance”. During the reporting period, the Company successfully
implemented treasury management projects of numerous leading enterprises, building a brand reputation in
industries such as high-end manufacturing, biomedicine, and new economy and consumer goods. As of the end
of the reporting period, the number of customers of Treasury Management Cloud services reached 799,300,
representing an increase of 29.93% as compared with the end of the previous year.

Also, the Company continued to innovate the “H2H Connection” model to expand the connection between its
digital platforms such as the Treasury Management Cloud with digital systems of government agencies, Internet
platforms and enterprises. For customers under different segmentation and classification using SaaS digital systems,
the Company provided convenient access to its financial services, helping customers achieve digital connectivity
across multiple scenarios and systems throughout the whole business process. As of the end of the reporting period,
the number of customers of the Cloud-based H2H Connection service reached 288,600, representing an increase of
30.65% as compared with the end of the previous year.

Cross-border finance business

During the reporting period, the Company vigorously enhanced its capacity to serve the real economy, supporting
high-level opening-up and bolstering stable foreign trade and foreign investment. The Company continued to
consolidate its cross-border customer base, upgrade its cross-border financial product suite, and improve the
customer experience in handling cross-border businesses. The Company advanced the digitalisation of cross-border
business handling, progressively implemented intelligent review for cross-border remittances, supported emerging
foreign trade models such as cross-border e-commerce, optimised digital services for capital account transactions,
and refined its export data financing product “Export Flash Loan (̈ɹ৪൲)”. To support high-level opening-up,
by leveraging its full coverage of the four types of non-resident accounts (including offshore accounts) and full
coverage of the free trade account system, the Company provided customers with integrated services including
cross-border settlement, foreign exchange transactions, global cash management, trade financing, and cross-
border financing. The Company enhanced the digital service capabilities of its overseas branches to better serve
globally operating enterprises. Guided by facilitating cross-border RMB trade and investment for market entities,
the Company continuously optimised cross-border RMB services, upgraded cross-border RMB settlement services,
supported enterprises in managing exchange rate risks, actively participated in the pilot scheme of cross-border
cash pool integrating local and foreign currencies, and comprehensively promoted policy awareness to advance
the internationalisation of RMB. The Company steadily advanced foreign exchange business reforms to establish
a digitally driven, systematically supported foreign exchange business framework. Centred on risk management
and technology-empowered operations, the Company redesigned foreign exchange processes to further enhance
service efficiency for high-quality enterprises, thereby improving the convenience of cross-border trade, investment,
and financing. During the reporting period, the Company recorded USD480.784 billion of international balance of
payments for corporate customers, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.96%.

Investment banking business

During the reporting period, the Company focused on serving the real economy, continuously consolidating its
competitive edge in investment banking specialised sectors. Through comprehensive upgrades to its product
portfolio, service models and professional capabilities, the Company steadily enhanced its value creation capabilities.
68  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    With respect to its bond underwriting business, the Company continued to improve its whole-process services for
    issuers and investors, leveraging the bond market to support the development of China’s modern industrial system.
    During the reporting period, the debt financing instruments with the Company as the lead underwriter amounted
    to RMB579.138 billion. Among them, the Company ranked first in the market in terms of the underwriting size
    of perpetual bonds and ranked second in the market in terms of the underwriting size of sci-tech innovation
    bonds (including sci-tech innovation notes) (based on the data from the National Association of Financial Market
    Institutional Investors). The Company actively responded to regulatory initiatives, continuously deepening its
    commitment to product innovation. It successfully launched pioneering projects including the first batch of
    technology innovation bonds, the first merger and acquisition notes, and the nation’s first tunnel asset-backed
    REITs. These efforts supported the high-quality development of premium enterprises in strategic emerging industries
    and sectors of comparative advantages. Meanwhile, the Company received the highest A rating in the 2024
    market evaluation of lead underwriting business practices for general lead underwriters of non-financial enterprises
    debt financing instruments conducted by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors. The
    Company was also the only institution across the entire market to be recognised as a distinctive lead underwriter
    in all four aspects: value discovery capability, inclusive capability, pioneering capability, and capability to support
    opening-up.

    With respect to its M&A financing business, the Company focused its efforts on core business lines including
    technology finance and green finance, providing integrated M&A financial services centred on industrial upgrading
    and transformation within capital markets, strategic emerging industries, and key sectors. This supported customers
    in extending their industrial chains and enhancing value, thereby comprehensively serving the high-quality
    development of the real economy. During the reporting period, the Company’s M&A financing business volume
    amounted to RMB253.283 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.58%. Among them, the amount of
    RMB M&A loans granted increased by 111.41% year-on-year. The Company successfully executed several major
    projects with market influence, including the largest Hong Kong-listed stock privatisation project in the automotive
    sector this year, the largest M&A project of an innovative pharmaceutical company in China, the largest highway
    acquisition project this year, and the largest bankruptcy restructuring project this year.

    With respect to its corporate wealth management business, the Company further deepened its expansion of
    cooperative institutions, continuously optimising its product system development, and constantly enhancing the
    customer service experience. During the reporting period, the Company’s average daily balance of corporate wealth
    management products was RMB524.940 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.28%, which was
    mainly because the Company’s corporate wealth management business explored distinctive products and services
    while adhering to the fundamental principle of low volatility and stability with unwavering focus on customer
    requirements, thereby leading to gradual improvement of its product portfolio, gradual optimisation of its service
    framework and continuous enhancement of its market competitiveness.

    With respect to its market transactions (matching services) business, the Company established an ecosystem-based
    service platform to address the diverse, complex and customised investment and financing requirements of corporate
    customers, thereby facilitating the optimal allocation of financial resources and serving the real economy. During the
    reporting period, the volume of the Company’s market transaction (matching services) amounted to RMB419.468
    billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.27%, mainly driven by the effective customer base expansion
    through focusing on serving the real economy.

    CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, made active business coordination with the Bank,
    strengthening the coordination mechanism of investment banking and commercial banking. During the reporting
    period, according to the statistics of Bloomberg and Wind, CMB International Capital completed a total of 54 Hong
    Kong IPO underwriting projects and 13 Hong Kong IPO sponsorship projects, ranking second and fourth in the Hong
    Kong market, respectively, maintaining its leading position in terms of Hong Kong IPO underwriting business.

    Financial institution business

    With respect to financial institution liability business, during the reporting period, the daily average balance of
    financial institution deposits of the Company amounted to RMB835.740 billion, among which financial institution
    demand deposits accounted for 93.77%. During the reporting period, the Company proactively expanded the
    sources of low-cost liabilities, and optimised cost management through strengthening business coordination
    mechanism, effectively reducing the average cost ratio of financial institution deposits, representing a year-on-year
    decrease of 29 basis points.

    With respect to its depository service, the Company’s security and future margin depository services were in stable
    operation. The Company partnered with 107 securities companies in third-party depository services and 20,526,300
    customers were secured at the end of the reporting period, representing an increase of 11.08% as compared with
    the end of the previous year. Also, the Company cooperated with 146 futures companies on bank-futures fund
    transfer, securing 587,300 customers at the end of the reporting period, representing an increase of 16.60% as
    compared with the end of the previous year.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                            69

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Asset Management Business

As of the end of the reporting period, the total asset management business of CMB Wealth Management, China
Merchants Fund, CIGNA & CMAM, and CMB International Capital, all being subsidiaries of the Company, amounted
to RMB4.71 trillion, representing an increase of 5.13% as compared with the end of the previous year. Among
them, the balance of wealth management products of CMB Wealth Management amounted to RMB2.64 trillion,
representing an increase of 6.88% as compared with the end of the previous year; the scale of asset management
business of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB1.59 trillion, representing an increase of 1.27% as compared
with the end of the previous year; the scale of asset management business of CIGNA & CMAM amounted to
RMB318.426 billion, representing an increase of 4.17% as compared with the end of the previous year; the scale of
asset management business of CMB International Capital amounted to RMB164.241 billion, representing an increase
of 26.02% as compared with the end of the previous year.

CMB Wealth Management adhered to the investment and management philosophy of keeping moving forward
while maintaining stability, and continuously consolidated its development foundation. In terms of product scale,
as of the end of the reporting period, the balance of wealth management products managed by CMB Wealth
Management increased by RMB173.565 billion as compared with the end of the previous year, maintaining the first
in the industry. In terms of product layout, CMB Wealth Management built and improved a full-category wealth
management product line featuring a clear hierarchy and well-developed strategies, focusing on absolute return
targets, and being supplemented by relative return targets. It strengthened the medium-to-long-term deployment
of multi-asset and multi-strategy products, establishing brands such as “Short-term Bonds Suite (೵වɧᘒ)” and
“Gu Ying Jia (ոޮ࢕)”, while deepening the operation of the multi-asset and multi-strategy brand matrix of
“Quan + Fu (Ό+၅)”. It enriched product functions such as wealth management regular fixed investment, target
returns, customisable payout dates, and flexible withdrawal options to enhance investment experience. In terms
of investment and research capabilities building, it deepened the integration of investment and research,
strengthened development of capabilities in multi-asset and multi-strategy management, and continuously enhanced
strategy research. Its annualised yields of bond-biased hybrid products, equity-biased hybrid products, and equity-
based products all ranked among the top in the banking industry, and the market share of its equity-attached wealth
management products continued to increase. In terms of risk management, adhering to a prudent and sound risk
management philosophy, CMB Wealth Management continued to improve its credit investment risk strategy and
credit risk early warning system during the reporting period to enhance the professionalism and effectiveness of
market risk management and liquidity risk management, and continued to improve internal control and compliance
management. In terms of technology empowerment, CMB Wealth Management continued to promote the
application of AI in core business scenarios such as investment research and risk control. In the investment research
and trading sectors, AI trading robots achieved full-chain automation for interest rate bonds, boosting transaction
efficiency by threefold.

China Merchants Fund focused on its strategic vision of “building a world-class asset management company guided
by the best customer experience”. It adhered to a dual-drive approach combining “active management business”
and “passive index business”, achieving phased progress across all operations. As of the end of the reporting period,
the scale of asset management business of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB1.59 trillion, of which the
scale of mutual funds under management amounted to RMB961.469 billion, representing an increase of 9.29% as
compared with the end of the previous year. In terms of product layout, it basically established a comprehensive
product matrix, with ongoing refinement of active and passive product offerings. It expanded the absolute return
product line, while actively developing international operations. It successfully launched innovative projects such as
the industry’s first batch of performance-based floating fee rate products (China Merchants Value Selection Hybrid
Fund), the industry’s first batch of Sci-tech Innovation Bond ETF products and the industry’s first batch of SSE
Science and Technology Innovation Board Composite Index ETFs. In terms of investment and research capabilities
building, it consolidated and deepened the investment research culture of “integrity, focus and openness”. It
re-examined the investment research framework and relationships, continuously enhanced active management
capabilities, strengthened the core logic of multi-asset allocation and drove the development of a more professional,
robust and systematic investment research system. In terms of risk management, China Merchants Fund continued
to improve comprehensive risk management framework, further strengthened risk controls over money market fund
investments, enhanced operational procedures for ETF investments, and optimised and improved the level of internal
control and compliance management, keeping business risks under great control. No major risk incidents occurred
during the reporting period. In terms of customer operations, China Merchants Fund actively drove reforms to
the marketing system architecture, incorporating customer profitability into performance metrics for the marketing
line. It focused its efforts on promoting channel and customer base expansion, steadily advanced the operation of
fund investment advisory business, took advantage of the opportunity arising from pension business development,
further engaged in customer support and investor education, and fostered more thorough, meticulous and enduring
customer services.
70  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    CIGNA & CMAM was positioned as a professional and stable long-term capital management institution. It
    proactively integrated with overall strategic objective of building a value creation bank by leveraging its long-term
    capital management capabilities and advantages of differentiated product creation. In terms of the insurance
    fund fiduciary business, CIGNA & CMAM strengthened the dynamic adjustment of asset allocation, systematically
    enhanced investment research capabilities, and seized market opportunities to boost investment returns. As of the
    end of the reporting period, the scale of insurance funds under fiduciary management was RMB233.313 billion,
    representing an increase of 23.02% as compared with the end of the previous year. In terms of product creation,
    CIGNA & CMAM accelerated the transformation of alternative asset management product operations, achieving
    multiple industry-first breakthroughs. It continued to optimise the structure of portfolio-based asset management
    products, with managed assets growing steadily. In terms of operation and risk management, CIGNA &
    CMAM enhanced refined management of risk compliance, continuously refined institutional processes, accelerated
    the advancement of strategic culture development, persistently strengthened technological empowerment,
    comprehensively bolstered team development, and achieved stable, compliant, and healthy development.

    CMB International Capital kept leveraging its differentiated advantages and has maintained its position in the first
    echelon in the industry with its specialisation in private equity investment business, achieving constant improvement
    of its operational efficiency. During the reporting period, a total of seven investment projects successfully achieved
    IPO. CMB International Capital launched the first innovative project of De-SPAC for Chinese enterprises. CMB
    International Capital was shortlisted for the Innovation and Technology Venture Fund (ITVF) of the Hong Kong
    Innovation and Technology Commission. CMB International Capital also deepened its cooperation with the Oman
    Investment Authority on Phase I of the New Momentum Technology Fund (อਗඎ߅Ҧਿ‫)ږ‬. For the fund plan
    with Korea Venture Investment Corp. (KVIC), CMB International Capital was the only fund manager selected in
    Greater China for 2025. Meanwhile, CMB International Capital focused on developing its mutual funds business.
    During the reporting period, it launched CMB International Capital Hong Kong Dollar Money Market Fund and CMB
    International Capital Global Investment Grade Select Bond Fund. As of the end of the reporting period, three mutual
    funds of CMB International Capital have disclosed the performance, with their cumulative returns consistently
    leading comparable products in the Bloomberg Asia-Pacific region over the same period.

    Assets custody business

    As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of assets under custody of the Company was RMB26.09 trillion,
    representing an increase of 14.13% as compared with the end of the previous year. The total scale of custody
    ranked among the top of the industry.

    During the reporting period, the Company continued to strengthen its professional performance capabilities,
    leveraging its distinctive and specialised advantages to consistently develop a new model integrating
    “professionalism, technology and service”, thereby supporting sustained growth in customer value.

    Firstly, the Company’s emphasis on both scale and quality has driven the optimisation of the structure of custody
    business. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s asset management products28 contributed to
    99.03% of its incremental custody scale, surpassing the average proportion of the industry. The structure of custody
    business has been optimised continuously.

    Secondly, its global custody service network has spanned major financial markets worldwide. The Company's global
    custody centre in Singapore officially opened in 2025. It caters to the needs of Chinese institutions “going global”
    and cross-border capital “brought in”, delivering comprehensive one-stop solutions. In 2025, the “China Merchants
    Bank Custody+” brand was awarded as “Outstanding Influential Brand” by 21st Century Business Herald, with its
    brand influence continuing to grow.

    Financial markets business

    During the reporting period, the Company continued to enhance its capabilities in diversified asset trading,
    optimised its client flow trading service model across global financial markets, strengthened its integrated domestic
    and international operational capabilities, and advanced the high-quality development of its financial markets
    business.

    28 According to the statistical calibre of the Custody Business Professional Committee under China Banking Association, the custody of asset management
              products includes custody of securities investments funds, customer asset management of fund companies, customer asset management of securities
              companies, bank wealth management, trust property, private equity investment funds, insurance assets, pension funds, QDII products, QFI products,
              futures, etc.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                   71

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

In terms of investment transactions, the Company continued to adhere to prudent investment and trading
philosophy, diversifying its trading strategies to actively seize market opportunities. By fully utilising derivative
instruments to mitigate market volatility, it enhanced investment returns. At the same time, the Company constantly
increased resource investment, accelerated technology empowerment and strengthened customer base expansion
to enhance its market-making capabilities. During the reporting period, driven by the substantial growth in the
scale of market-making business, the transaction volume of RMB bond investments amounted to RMB8.85 trillion29,
representing a year-on-year increase of 195.99%.

In terms of client flow trading business, the Company continued to advocate the concept of exchange rate risk
neutrality to corporate customers, and published the blue book on the Exchange Rate Risk Management Practices
for Chinese Enterprises to assist the enterprises in enhancing their exchange rate risk management capabilities. It
deepened the “product + customer base” scenario-based business model, and closely focused on customer needs
and market changes to provide solutions against financial market risks covering the products such as exchange rate
and interest rate products to enterprises. During the reporting period, the number of wholesale customers of the
Company involved in client flow trading of financial market was 88,823, representing a year-on-year increase of
15.18%, and the transaction volume of client flow trading of wholesale customers of financial market amounted to
USD340.024 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.20%.

In terms of digital transformation, the Company actively capitalised on the latest advancements in artificial
intelligence technology, deepening the application of AI large model technology within the financial markets
business. Firstly, it explored the establishment of a digital multi-factor trading system to support investment and
trading activities in bonds, foreign exchange and precious metals. Secondly, it employed large model technology
to enhance the identification and monitoring of risk signals, thereby continuously elevating risk compliance
management standards.

In terms of internationalisation, the Company optimised its global service model and accelerated the establishment
of an integrated domestic and overseas customer service system. By developing financial market customer
trading platforms at overseas branches and building a differentiated overseas derivatives product system, the
Company better served enterprises’ global development and risk management needs. Meanwhile, the Company
continued to actively participate in “Bond Connect” and “Swap Connect” trading. It received the “Northbound
Top Market Maker” award from Bond Connect Company Limited for seven consecutive years, contributing to the
internationalisation of RMB and the opening up of China’s capital market.

3.10.3 Distribution channels

          The Company provides products and services via multiple online and offline distribution channels.

          Offline channels

          The Company’s business is mainly in the market of China, and its distribution network is mainly located in major
          central cities in the Chinese mainland and some international financial centres such as China’s Hong Kong, New
          York, London, Singapore, Luxembourg and Sydney. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company has 143
          branches and 1,801 sub-branches in the Chinese mainland, two branch-level specialised institutions (a Credit Card
          Centre and a Global Markets Centre), 2,157 self-service banks, 5,162 cash self-service devices and 4,789 visual
          counters. The Company has a Hong Kong branch in China’s Hong Kong, a representative office in Chinese Taipei, a
          London branch in the UK, a New York branch in the United States, a Singapore branch in Singapore, a Luxembourg
          branch in Luxembourg, and a Sydney branch in Australia. The Company also has a Melbourne branch, a city-level
          branch under Sydney branch.

          Online channels

         Major online channels for retail

         CMB APP

          During the reporting period, the Company continuously upgraded CMB APP in response to national economic
          development needs, the advancements of artificial intelligence technology and changes in customer demands.
          Firstly, wealth management services were upgraded with the introduction of “Five-Star Strategies” in fund selection
          to assist customers in seizing market opportunities. A whole-process insurance allocation service encompassing
          “allocation – product selection – review” was established, delivering a more professional and convenient wealth
          management service to customers. Secondly, retail credit services were optimised by introducing multiple post-loan
          modification functions, and achieving integrated credit card management and usage to deliver one-stop financing

29 Refers to transaction volume of RMB bond investment of the Company’s Global Markets Centre.
72  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    service. Thirdly, payment and settlement services were enhanced through intelligent image recognition transfers,
    a one-stop query function for social insurance and housing fund contributions, and a comprehensive upgrade to
    income-expenditure balance management services, facilitating effortless account management for customers. During
    the reporting period, the monthly active users of the CMB APP reached 88,748,300.

    CMB Life APP for Credit Card

    During the reporting period, the Company continued to enhance the customer service and customer engagement
    capabilities of the CMB Life APP. By tapping further into high-frequency consumption scenarios, connecting with
    quality partners, the Company continued to improve the online service ecosystem, upgraded interaction forms
    to address diverse user needs and suit business scenarios, enhanced service capabilities, and optimised the user
    experience. In coordination with consumption periods such as public holidays and year-end, the Company launched
    a series of marketing campaigns, strengthening its scalable, well-timed customer engagement capabilities across
    both online and offline channels. During the reporting period, the number of monthly active users of the CMB Life
    APP for credit card was 40,720,900. In terms of user engagement, CMB Life APP was in the front rank among other
    credit card APPs in the banking industry.

    Remote Operation Service

    The Company provides real-time, comprehensive and prompt integrated services to its customers via multimedia
    services such as telephone, network and video. In particular, the Company prioritises the optimisation and upgrading
    of service processes for critical business scenarios, continuously enhancing the customer service experience.
    Employing a human-machine collaboration model, the Company dynamically identifies customers’ immediate needs,
    providing flexible and tailored services for diverse operational contexts to more precisely meet customised service
    requirements. During the reporting period, the remote online omni-channel manual service connection rate was
    99.09%; the remote online omni-channel manual service 20-second response rate was 94.73%; and the remote
    online omni-channel customer satisfaction rate was 99.82%.

    Intelligent Service System

    In terms of debit card intelligent service system, during the reporting period, the Company constantly upgraded the
    intelligent service “Xiao Zhao (ʃ‫”)ם‬. Firstly, the scope of service capabilities of “Xiao Zhao (ʃ‫ ”)ם‬was expanded
    from focusing on wealth management scenarios to encompassing full-scenario services covering “deposit, loan,
    and remittance”; Secondly, the Company drove the upgrading of “Xiao Zhao (ʃ‫ ”)ם‬to serve as “specialists”
    and “stewards”, progressively shifting from passive “question-and-answer” interactions to “proactive discovery”,
    proactively assisting customers in monitoring and organising information related to accounts, products, and markets.
    Thirdly, the Company enhanced the intelligent interaction experience by introducing the “Xiao Zhao Voice Control
    (ʃ‫ם‬Ⴇછ)” feature, enabling users to efficiently complete information queries and transaction processing through
    voice interaction.

    In terms of credit card intelligent service system, during the reporting period, the Company continued
    to push forward the digital and intelligent transformation of customer service for credit card business,
    optimised intelligent interaction experience and focused on enhancing service quality and efficiency.
    The Company expanded the deployment of intelligent service channels, proactively improved the
    construction of AI agents for business scenarios, and further optimised the human-AI collaboration model
    of the “Xiao Zhao (ʃ‫ ”)ם‬of the CMB Life APP for credit cards, improving its problem-solving ability to
    customers. Leveraging technologies such as data mining, the Company applied intelligent products in the
     credit card service process, which enabled efficient responses to customer needs, driving improvements in service
    efficiency and customer experience.

    Major wholesale online channels

    The Company focuses on the digital transformation needs of corporate treasury management and continues to
    optimise the two major service channels of CMB Corporate U-Bank and CMB Corporate APP. During the reporting
    period, the Company’s CMB Corporate U-Bank comprehensively enhanced service capabilities across critical scenarios
    including treasury management, procurement and sales. The Company upgraded digital and intelligent capabilities
    by advancing platform intelligence and customer self-service, creating a more efficient and user-friendly intelligent
    customer service platform. As the core application for digital and intelligent corporate financial services on mobile
    devices, CMB Corporate APP provided intelligent treasury services to legal persons, executives and other key
    personnel of enterprises via the mobile terminals. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 3,527,900
    wholesale customers on the online channels, representing an increase of 15.06% as compared with the end of
    the previous year. The coverage rate of wholesale customers on the online channels was 97.39%, representing an
    increase of 0.56 percentage point as compared with the end of the previous year. During the reporting period,
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                     73

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

the Company had 2,208,500 monthly active customers of wholesale online channels, representing a year-on-year
increase of 13.29%; the total number of wholesale transactions handled by the Company through online channels
reached 551 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.32%; and the total value of wholesale transactions
through online channels amounted to RMB246.69 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.50%.

3.10.4 Overseas branches

          Hong Kong Branch

          Established in 2002, the Hong Kong Branch of the Company is the first branch duly established overseas by the
          Company, which can engage in comprehensive commercial banking businesses, including corporate and retail
          banking businesses. With regard to corporate banking business, the Hong Kong Branch provides diversified corporate
          banking products and services, such as deposit-taking, settlement, trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated
          loans, cross-border M&A comprehensive solutions and asset custody, and engages in transaction of funds, bond
          trading and foreign exchange trading with financial institutions, and conducts funds clearing and asset transfer with
          financial institution customers. With regard to retail banking business, the Hong Kong Branch can provide personal
          banking services and private wealth management services for customers. Featured products include “Hong Kong All-
          in-one Card” and “Hong Kong Bank-Securities Express”.

          During the reporting period, the Hong Kong Branch prioritised expanding its high-value business segments,
          deepened its asset origination capabilities, optimised the allocation structure of interest-earning assets, and
          simultaneously advanced both the expansion of asset scale and the enhancement of asset quality. It continued to
          improve its wealth management product suite, comprehensively elevating both the scale of asset management and
          its customer service capabilities. During the reporting period, the Hong Kong Branch achieved the net operating
          income of HKD3.237 billion.

          New York Branch

          Established in 2008, the New York Branch of the Company is the first branch of Chinese banks approved in the
          U.S. since the implementation of U.S. Foreign Bank Supervision Enhancement Act in 1991. The New York Branch is
          located in the global financial centre and is committed to establishing a cross-border finance platform characterised
          by coordination between China and the U.S., so as to offer diversified and all-round banking services for the
          companies in China and the U.S. Such services and products mainly include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign
          exchange transactions, international settlement documents, trade financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans,
          working capital financing, M&A financing, privatisation financing, fund financing, etc. At the same time, the New
          York Branch actively builds a global service network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-
          financial value-added services for high-net-worth private banking customers.

          During the reporting period, the New York Branch actively implemented a sustainable and high-quality development
          strategy and achieved progress in customer base expansion, optimisation of debt structure, product innovation, and
          risk compliance construction, with its comprehensive financial service capability constantly improved. During the
          reporting period, the New York Branch achieved the net operating income of USD93.7231 million.

          Singapore Branch

          Established in 2013, the Singapore Branch of the Company is positioned as a significant cross-border finance
          platform in Southeast Asia. Based in Singapore and expanding to Southeast Asia, the Singapore Branch takes
          cross-border finance and wealth management as its core businesses. In terms of cross-border finance business,
          leveraging its geographical advantages and cross-border service experience, the Singapore Branch strives to
          provide comprehensive one-stop service solutions to the Chinese companies “going global” and the foreign
          companies located in Singapore and other Southeast Asian countries. The main services of the Singapore Branch
          include: corporate deposits and account services, settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade financing, cash
          management, syndicated loans, asset custody and other related services, providing ongoing support for customers’
          stable cross-border operations and capital management. In terms of wealth management business, the Private
          Banking (Singapore) Centre provides high-net-worth customers with comprehensive one-stop services encompassing
          global asset allocation, domestic and overseas investment and financing, wealth protection and succession planning,
          non-financial services, and digital services, etc.

          During the reporting period, the Singapore Branch seized the market opportunities and continuously enhanced the
          comprehensive customer service capabilities and local market influence by focusing on its core customer groups such
          as high-quality Chinese enterprises, Singapore’s leading enterprises and premium financial institutions in Southeast
          Asia. During the reporting period, the Singapore Branch achieved the net operating income of USD46.7609 million.
74  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Luxembourg Branch

    The Luxembourg Branch of the Company, established in 2015, is positioned as an important cross-border finance
    platform in the continental Europe, providing comprehensive cross-border one-stop financial solutions to Chinese
    companies “going global” and the European companies investing in China. Its main services and products include:
    deposit-taking, loans, project financing, trade financing, M&A financing, M&A consulting and bond underwriting,
    etc. The branch is also committed to building a business platform for the Company in Europe by combining the
    advantages of the Bank and European characteristics. In addition, the branch actively built a global service network
    for private banking customers and provided high-quality non-financial value-added services to high-net-worth private
    banking customers.

    During the reporting period, the Luxembourg Branch continued to strengthen its business development efforts
    targeting corporate and financial institution customers, enhanced asset origination, and actively pursued specialised
    services such as foreign exchange client flow trading, bond operations, and interbank business, steadily improving its
    value creation capabilities. During the reporting period, the Luxembourg Branch achieved the net operating income
    of EUR27.4414 million.

    London Branch

    Established in 2016, the London Branch of the Company was the first branch approved to be established in the
    United Kingdom among all Chinese joint-stock commercial banks, providing comprehensive cross-border one-stop
    financial solutions to Chinese companies “going global” and leading UK companies investing in China. The main
    services and products of the London Branch include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade
    financing, bilateral loans, syndicated loans and M&A financing, etc. At the same time, the London Branch actively
    builds a global service network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-financial value-added
    services for high-net-worth private banking customers.

    During the reporting period, the London Branch steadfastly implemented the development philosophy of
    “emphasising both scale and quality, putting quality and efficiency first”. It focused on enhancing profitability
    resilience, cultivating distinctive operational characteristics, and consolidating its developmental foundations, thereby
    driving continuous improvement in operational quality and efficiency. During the reporting period, the London
    Branch achieved the net operating income of USD44.6797 million.

    Sydney Branch

    The Sydney Branch of the Company was established in 2017 and was the first branch approved to be established in
    Australia among all Chinese joint-stock commercial banks. The Melbourne Branch, the first overseas city-level branch
    under it, was established in 2025. The Sydney Branch established a foothold in businesses derived from China-
    Australia economic, trade and investment exchanges. The Sydney Branch focuses on the needs of the strategic
    customers “going global” and top-tiered customers of Australia and New Zealand, creating value for customers
    through providing two-way cross-border financial services. The main services and products of the Sydney Branch
    include: deposit-taking, settlement, foreign exchange transactions, trade financing, M&A financing and commitment,
    project financing, syndicated loans and fund financing, etc. At the same time, the branch actively builds a global
    service network for private banking customers and provides high-quality non-financial value-added services for high-
    net-worth private banking customers.

    During the reporting period, the Sydney Branch deepened its engagement in key economic and trade sectors
    between China and Australia, strengthened the expansion of local customer base, focused on local distinctive
    industrial asset origination, promoted digital transformation, and strengthened deposit acquisition through trade
    financing projects, thereby steadily improving its comprehensive operating capabilities. During the reporting period,
    the Sydney Branch achieved the net operating income of AUD67.8099 million.

    3.10.5 Major subsidiaries

              The Company exercises the rights of shareholders in compliance with the law, keeps on strengthening the
              comprehensive management over the corporate governance, capital management, risk management, financial
              management and other aspects of its subsidiaries, and capitalises on the synergy of comprehensive operation to
              enhance the Group’s capabilities of providing comprehensive financial services to customers while achieving their
              own high-quality growth.

              CMB Wing Lung Bank

              Founded in 1933, CMB Wing Lung Bank has a registered capital of HKD1.161 billion, and it is a wholly-owned
              subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong. CMB Wing Lung Bank provides customers with diversified banking
              products and services, including retail and private banking, corporate banking and other banking businesses. CMB
              Wing Lung Bank also provides trust, asset management and insurance brokerage services through its subsidiaries.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                          75

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Wing Lung Group amounted to HKD526.542 billion.
Total equity attributable to shareholders amounted to HKD54.131 billion. During the reporting period, the net profit
attributable to shareholders was HKD4.292 billion.

CMB Financial Leasing

CMB Financial Leasing was established in 2008 with a registered capital of RMB18 billion. It is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. CMB Financial Leasing has established three major business segments, namely aviation,
shipping and equipment, aiming to build a financial leasing service system based on the “six new” industries of
new energy, new infrastructure, new technology, new mobility, new intelligent manufacturing and new materials,
so as to meet the needs of lessees to purchase equipment, promote sales, revitalise assets, balance tax burden and
improve financial structure.

As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB Financial Leasing were RMB325.298 billion and the
net assets were RMB41.082 billion. During the reporting period, the net profit was RMB4.407 billion.

CMB International Capital

Established in 1993, CMB International Capital is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Hong Kong with a
registered capital of HKD4.129 billion. CMB International Capital and its subsidiaries have a comprehensive layout
across three major sectors: Extensive Investment Banking, Extensive Wealth Management and Extensive Asset
Management, encompassing businesses such as corporate financing, global markets, structured financing, wealth
management, and asset management.

As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CMB International Capital amounted to HKD102.036
billion, and its net assets amounted to HKD23.473 billion. During the reporting period, it realised a net profit of
HKD4.035 billion.

CMB Wealth Management

CMB Wealth Management was established in 2019 with a registered capital of approximately RMB5.556 billion.
As of the end of the reporting period, the Company and JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited held
90% and 10% of CMB Wealth Management’s shares respectively. The business scope of CMB Wealth Management
includes the issuance of wealth management products, the provision of wealth management consultancy and
advisory services, and other businesses approved by regulatory authorities.

As of the end of the reporting period, CMB Wealth Management had total assets of RMB26.738 billion and net
assets of RMB25.668 billion. During the reporting period, the net profit was RMB2.726 billion.

China Merchants Fund

Established in 2002, China Merchants Fund had a registered capital of RMB1.31 billion. As of the end of the
reporting period, the Company and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. held 55% and 45% of China Merchants
Fund’s shares, respectively. The business scope of China Merchants Fund covers fund establishment, fund
management and other businesses approved by the CSRC.

As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of China Merchants Fund amounted to RMB15.402 billion,
and its net assets amounted to RMB11.155 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB1.438 billion during the reporting
period.

CIGNA & CMAM

CIGNA & CMAM was established in 2020 with a registered capital of RMB500 million, and it is an indirectly owned
subsidiary of the Company, which is owned as to 87.3458% and 12.6542% by CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance,
a joint venture of the Company, and CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, respectively. The
business scope of CIGNA & CMAM includes entrusted management of client’s funds, issuance of insurance asset
management products and consultation business related to asset management.

As of the end of the reporting period, CIGNA & CMAM had total assets of RMB1.266 billion, with net assets of
RMB964 million, and achieved a net profit of RMB125 million during the reporting period.

CMB Europe S.A.

CMB Europe S.A. was established in 2021 with a registered capital of EUR100 million. It is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company in Europe and the regional headquarters of the Company in the European Union and European
Economic Area. CMB Europe S.A. provides its customers with diversified financial products and services such as
cross-border financing, M&A finance, private banking, investment management, global markets, bond underwriting,
trade financing, and operates and allocates the global assets of enterprises and individuals.

As of the end of the reporting period, CMB Europe S.A. had total assets of EUR570 million and net assets of EUR91
million. It achieved a net profit of EUR763,400 during the reporting period.
76  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    CMB Investment

    CMB Investment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was approved for business operation in November
    2025, with a registered capital of RMB15 billion. It is mainly engaged in market-based debt-to-equity swaps and
    other businesses approved by regulatory authorities.

    As of the end of the reporting period, CMB Investment had total assets of RMB15.047 billion and net assets of
    RMB15.014 billion.

    3.10.6 Major joint ventures30

              CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance

              CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in 2003 with a registered capital
              of RMB2.8 billion. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company held 50% shares in CIGNA & CMB Life
              Insurance and Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company held the other 50% shares. CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
              is mainly engaged in insurance businesses such as life insurance, health insurance, accident injury insurance and the
              reinsurance of the above insurances.

              As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance amounted to RMB259.289
              billion, and its net assets amounted to RMB14.343 billion. During the reporting period, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance
              realised a net profit of RMB3.351 billion.

              Merchants Union Consumer Finance

              Merchants Union Consumer Finance, a joint venture of the Company, was established in 2015 with a registered
              capital of RMB10.0 billion. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company held 50% shares in Merchants Union
              Consumer Finance and China United Network Communications Limited held the other 50% shares. Merchants Union
              Consumer Finance is mainly engaged in the granting of personal consumer loans.

              As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of Merchants Union Consumer Finance amounted to
              RMB167.238 billion and the net assets were RMB25.117 billion. It realised a net profit of RMB3.054 billion during
              the reporting period.

    3.11 Risk Management

              The Company closely focused on the strategy of building a value creation bank, adhered to a solid and prudent
              risk culture, strengthened risk appetite management and conveyance, continued to consolidate a fortress-style
              risk compliance management system, and firmly upheld the bottom line of preventing systemic risks. The Risk and
              Compliance Management Committee of the Head Office is responsible for reviewing and determining significant
              bank-wide risk management issues under the framework of strategies, policies, risk appetite and authorisations
              approved by the Board of Directors.

              During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the principle that “stabilising quality is stabilising the
              foundation”, strengthened capacity building, comprehensively improved risk management and increased support
              for the real economy. Additionally, the Company worked to prevent and mitigate risks in key areas, accelerated
              the digital and intelligent transformation of risk management, and maintained the overall stability of various risk
              indicators.

    3.11.1 Credit risk management

              Credit risk refers to the risk arising from a bank’s borrowers or counterparties failing to perform their obligations
              as agreed. In its operations, while closely upholding the national policy guidance and regulatory principles, the
              Company consistently adhered to a solid and prudent risk culture, dynamically improved relevant risk management
              policies, continuously enhanced credit risk quantification capabilities, strengthened the performance of duties by key
              personnel, and improved forward-looking management of credit risk, so as to prevent and reduce credit risk loss.

              During the reporting period, the Company actively responded to the changes in the risk situation, effectively
              improved risk management quality and efficiency, and maintained overall stability of asset quality. With regard
              to corporate loans, the Company mainly took the following measures to enhance credit risk management. Firstly,
              the Company optimised credit policies and credit granting strategies in a timely manner. Guided by the asset

    30 The major joint ventures of the Company include CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and Merchants Union Consumer Finance, and their financial data has been
              adjusted in accordance with the accounting policies of the Group, where necessary.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                       77

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

allocation, the Company strengthened the forward-looking assessment of industry development trends, increased
the intensity of asset origination by branches in key regions, tapped into the potential of “expanding coverage
and increasing volume” for medium-sized credit customers, improved medium- and long-term asset origination
strategies, continued to promote “one branch, one policy” list-based client management for asset business, and
optimised asset allocation across dimensions such as industries, regions, and customer groups. Secondly, the
Company prioritised the prevention and mitigation of risks in key areas. Focusing on accelerating the construction of
a new model for real estate development, actively and orderly resolving local debt risks, and proactively preventing
risks associated with the transition between old and new economic growth drivers and relevant areas involving
the impact of “anti-involution”, the Company strictly implemented the latest national and regulatory policies,
strengthened early warning, screening and monitoring, dynamically assessed risk changes, and proactively responded
to and resolved risks. Thirdly, the Company continuously optimised the credit process. The Company enhanced
centralised credit management for group client members, improved the work paradigm of investigation, review
and approval processes, standardised the performance standards and requirements for process nodes and roles,
strengthened the monitoring of due diligence and quality review as well as the evaluation of duty performance,
enhanced the management standard of credit extension compliance and financial solution suitability, and improved
the whole-process control of risk monitoring, early warning, classification, disposal, etc. Fourthly, the Company
further promoted the efficiency of the recovery and disposal of existing non-performing assets. The Company
focused on key areas, improved the division of labour and cooperation mechanism in asset preservation across the
Bank, and comprehensively made use of a variety of effective methods to exert every effort in enhancing the level of
cash recovery, so as to achieve high-quality risk resolution and disposal. Fifthly, the Company steadily promoted the
digital and intelligent transformation in risk management. The Company focused on “high-frequency, critical, and
advantageous” scenarios in risk management, accelerated the construction of intelligent agents for positions such
as relationship managers, risk managers, and credit officers, continuously improved the intelligent assistants namely,
“Risk Assistant (ࠬᎈʃп)” and “Compliance Assistant (Υ஝ʃп)” and AI toolsets, and continued to enrich the
Group Risk-management System (GRS) ecosystem. For details on credit risk management of retail loans, please refer
to the section 3.9.7.

For more information about the Company’s credit risk management, please refer to Note 60(a) to the financial
statements.

3.11.2 Management of large exposure

          In accordance with provisions of the Rules on Large Exposure of Commercial Banks ( ਠุვБɽᕘࠬᎈᅳᚣ၍ଣ
          ፬‫)ج‬, large exposure refers to the risk exposure (including risk exposures in the banking book and trading book)
          to a single customer or a group of related customers of a commercial bank that exceeds 2.5% of its net Tier 1
          capital. During the reporting period, the Company has incorporated large exposure management into its overall risk
          management system, continued to improve customer credit management requirements, continued to optimise risk
          exposure measurement rules, increased Fintech support for data collection on large exposure, and reported regularly
          on large exposure indicators and related management to regulatory authorities, so as to effectively control customer
          concentration risks. As of the end of the reporting period, other than customers with regulatory exemption, single
          non-financial institution customers, group non-financial institution customers, single financial institution customers
          and group financial institution customers of the Company that reached the standards of large exposure were all in
          compliance with the regulatory requirements.

3.11.3 Country risk management

          Country risks represent the risks of political, economic, social changes and incidents in a country or region that may
          cause debtors in that country or region to be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations to banks, or incur losses
          to commercial presences of the Company in that country or region, or other losses to the Company in that country
          or region.

          The Company strictly implemented relevant regulatory requirements and followed the principles of soundness and
          prudence, established a country risk management system compatible with strategic objectives, risk profile and
          complexity, and incorporated country risk management into its overall risk management system so as to promptly
          identify, measure, evaluate, monitor, report, control and mitigate country risks, assess the country risk in a regular
          manner and implement limit management, while steering business towards relatively-low-risk countries or regions.

          During the reporting period, in the face of the complex and volatile international political and economic situation,
          the Company continued to pay attention to the changes in the situation of key countries or regions in the world,
          evaluated and updated the country risk ratings according to the risk changes, tightened the limit control of country
          risk and strictly restricted the growth of business in high-risk countries or regions. At the end of the reporting
          period, the Company’s country risk exposure was mainly concentrated in relatively-low-risk countries or regions. The
          country risk would not have a significant impact on the Company’s business operation.
78  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.11.4 Market risk management

              The Company’s market risk arises from trading book and banking book, and the interest rate risk and exchange rate
              risk are the major market risks faced by the Company.

              Interest rate risk management

             Trading book

              The Company uses volume indicators, market risk value indicators (VaR, covering interest rate risk factors of various
              currencies and durations relating to trading book business), interest rate stress testing loss indicators, interest rate
              sensitivity indicators and accumulative loss indicators and other risk indicators, to measure, monitor and manage the
              interest rate risk of trading book. The interest rate risk factors used for risk measurement cover all businesses under
              the trading book, and are comprised of around 200 interest rate indicators or bond yield curves. VaR is calculated
              using historical simulation based on a confidence coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days and a
              holding period of 10 days. The interest rate stress testing scenarios include the upward parallel move, upward steep
              move and twisted change of interest rates at various degrees and various unfavourable market scenarios designed
              based on the characteristics of investment portfolios. Among them, the extreme interest rate scenario may move up
              by 300 basis points and cover the extremely unfavourable conditions of the market. Major interest rate sensibility
              indicator reflects the duration of bonds and PV01 of bonds and interest rate derivatives (the change in the market
              value when an interest rate fluctuates unfavourably by 1 basis point). As for routine risk management, the annual
              scope of authorisation and the market risk limits for the interest rate risk businesses under the trading book are set
              in accordance with the risk appetite, business planning and risk prediction of the Board of Directors at the beginning
              of the year for which the Market Risk Management Department is responsible for routine monitoring and continuous
              reporting.

              During the reporting period, China’s economy maintained a good momentum of steady progress, characterised by
              sustained growth in aggregate volume and steady improvement in quality. RMB bond interest rates exhibited an
              overall upward trend, with the yield on China 10-year government bonds rising from 1.68% to 1.85%. The global
              economy continued its trend of moderate growth. However, monetary policies among global central banks diverged
              significantly, and trade protectionist tendencies intensified, resulting in a complex and volatile external environment.
              The scope of investment in the Company’s trading book mainly covered RMB bonds. The Company generally
              adopted a prudent trading strategy and prudent risk control measures to ensure that all interest rate risk indicators
              of the trading book remained within the target range.

             Banking book

              In accordance with external regulatory requirements and internal banking book interest rate risk management
              policies, the Company has established and continuously improved the banking book interest rate risk management
              system, clarified the interest rate risk governance structure and established the management process of interest rate
              risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting. The Company mainly adopts the re-pricing gap
              analysis, duration analysis, interest rate benchmark-correlated analysis, scenario simulation and other methods to
              regularly measure and analyse the interest rate risk of the banking book. The re-pricing gap analysis mainly monitors
              the distribution of re-pricing duration and mismatch of assets and liabilities; the duration analysis monitors the
              duration of major product types and the change in the duration gap of assets and liabilities of the Bank as a whole;
              the benchmark-correlated analysis assesses the benchmark risk existing between different pricing benchmark interest
              rate curves, as well as between the different duration points on each of such curves based on the benchmark-
              correlated coefficients calculated using our internal models; the scenario simulation is the major approach for the
              Company to conduct interest rate risk analysis and measurement, which comprises a number of ordinary scenarios
              and stress scenarios, including the interest rate benchmark impact, the parallel move and the change in the shape
              of yield curves, the extreme changes in interest rates in history, and the most possible changes in interest rates in
              the future as predicted by experts and other scenarios. The changes in net interest income (NII) and economic value
              of equity (EVE) are calculated through simulation of the scenario of changes in interest rates. The NII changes and
              the EVE changes of certain scenarios are included into the interest rate risk limit indicator system of the Bank. In
              addition, the internal limit indicator system has included the standardised measurement indicators set out in the
              Guidelines on the Management of Interest Rate Risk of Banking Book of Commercial Banks (Revised).

              During the reporting period, with adherence to a sound and prudent interest rate risk preference, the Company
              paid close attention to changes in the external environment and internal interest rate risk exposure structure,
              and continued to monitor and analyse various interest rate risks, especially the gap risk as a result of asset and
              liability re-pricing mismatch, benchmark risk arising from inconsistent changes in the pricing benchmarks of
              products, and optionality risk due to the prepayment of loans triggered by changes in external interest rates. The
              Company predicted and analysed interest rate trends based on macro-quantitative models and experts’ research
              and judgement, prospectively deployed active interest rate risk management strategies and adjusted them flexibly
              considering the trend of risk exposure changes. The Company adjusted the structure of assets and liabilities on
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                              79

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

the balance sheet and hedged interest rate derivatives off the balance sheet to manage risks. As of the end of the
reporting period, the Company’s on- and off-balance-sheet management measures were carried out as planned,
the interest rate risk level was controlled within the interest rate risk control target range of the year, and various
indicators including the stress test results were kept within the limits and warning values. The banking book interest
rate risk was generally stable.

Exchange rate risk management

Trading book

The Company uses risk exposure indicator, market risk value indicator (VaR, covering foreign exchange rate risk
factors of various currencies related to transactions on the trading book), the exchange loss indicator under stress
test, option-sensitive indicator and accumulated loss indicator and other risk indicators to conduct risk measurement
and monitoring management. As for risk measurement, the selected exchange rate risk factor is applied on spot
prices, forward prices and volatilities in all transaction currencies under the trading book. Market risk value is
calculated using historical simulation based on a confidence coefficient of 99%, an observation period of 250 days
and a holding period of 10 days. Exchange rate stress test scenarios cover 5%, 10%, 15% or more adverse changes
in every transaction currency against RMB, and changed volatility of foreign exchange options. Major option-
sensitive indicators include Delta, Gamma, Vega and other indicators. For routine management, the Company set
annual limits on authorisation associated with exchange rate risks under the trading book and relevant market
exposure at the beginning of the year according to the risk appetite, business planning and risk forecast of the
Board of Directors, and delegated the Market Risk Management Department to perform routine monitoring and on-
going reporting.

During the reporting period, the appeal of RMB-denominated assets recovered steadily, and foreign exchange
reserves remained at a reasonable and sufficient level. As at the end of 2025, the exchange rate of U.S. dollar
against RMB has fallen from 7.19 to 7.03. Influenced by factors such as the U.S. interest rate cut policies and tariff
adjustments, the U.S. dollar depreciated against most major currencies, with the U.S. dollar index retreating from
108.48 to 98.27. The Company’s trading book mainly obtained the spread income through the foreign exchange
client flow trading, and implemented rigorous internal control and management through a well-established and
efficient management system, and closely monitored changes of limit indicators such as sensitivity index and stop-
loss indicator. All exchange rate risk indicators of the Company’s trading book were within the target range as of
the end of the reporting period.

Banking book

The Company mainly uses foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress test, and other
methods for measurement and analysis of exchange rate risk of its banking book. The foreign exchange exposure
measurement uses the short-sided method, the correlation approach and the aggregation approach; scenario
simulation and stress test analysis are two important exchange rate risk management tools of the Company for
managing foreign exchange rate risk, covering the standard scenario, historical scenario, forward scenario and
stress scenario, which include scenarios such as spot and forward exchange rate fluctuations and historical extreme
exchange rate fluctuations of various currencies. Each scenario could simulate the impact on the Company’s profit or
loss. The effects of certain scenario simulation on the profit and loss as a share of net capital are taken as reference
in the routine management as a limit indicator. The Company conducts back-testing and assessment on relevant
model parameters on a regular basis to verify the effectiveness of measurement models.

The Company regularly measures and analyses foreign exchange exposure of banking book and scenario simulation
results, monitors and reports exchange rate risk on a monthly basis under its quota limit framework, and adjusts
its foreign exchange exposure accordingly based on the trend of foreign exchange movements, so as to avoid the
relevant foreign exchange risk of banking book.

During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to exchange rate movements, studied and analysed
the impact of exchange rate changes in light of the macroeconomic conditions at home and abroad, and proposed
a balance sheet optimisation program as a scientific reference for the management’s decision-making. During the
reporting period, the Company increased its efforts to monitor and analyse foreign exchange exposure and imposed
a stringent control over the scale of foreign exchange risk exposure. The Company was prudent about the exchange
rate risk. As of the end of the reporting period, the scale of foreign exchange exposure of the Company’s banking
book was at a relatively low level. The exchange rate risk of the Company was generally stable with all the core limit
indicators, general scenarios and stress testing results satisfying the regulatory limit requirement.

For more information about the Company’s market risk management, please refer to Note 60(b) to the financial
statements.
80  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.11.5 Operational risk management

              Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from problematic internal procedures, incompetent personnel
              or IT systems, or external events, including legal risk but not strategy risk and reputational risk. In view of the
              various aspects and a wide range of operational risks, the Company’s operational risk management is based on the
              management principles of prudence, comprehensiveness, compatibility and effectiveness. The Company strengthened
              the establishment of operational risk management system, implemented internal control system, continued to carry
              out various businesses steadily and reduced or prevented losses from operational risk. In the process of operational
              risk management, within the risk limits set by the Board of Directors, the Company, through measures such as
              improving the risk management mechanism, strengthening risk prevention and control in key areas, conducting in-
              depth risk monitoring and pre-warning, improving assessment and evaluation mechanism, and cultivating operational
              risk prevention and control culture, further improved operational risk management capabilities and effectiveness,
              and prevented and reduced operational risk losses.

              During the reporting period, aiming at preventing losses arising from systemic operational risk and major operational
              risk, the Company continued to improve its operational risk management system. Firstly, the Company aligned
              with regulatory requirements to further strengthen the management mechanism of operational risk event and loss.
              The Company established rules for handling expected losses from operational risk events and strengthened the
              construction of the operational risk management system at the Group level. Secondly, the Company focused on risk
              control in key business areas, conducted reviews of operational risk management priorities, and selected institutions
              to conduct operational risk monitoring and assessment. Thirdly, the Company focused on network security and
              data security by strengthening emergency management and risk response capabilities, thereby improving system
              operational resilience. Fourthly, the Company strengthened outsourcing risk management by organising the Head
              Office and branches to conduct post-assessments of outsourcing projects. Fifthly, the Company further improved
              management on business continuity and intensified business continuity drills. Sixthly, the Company enriched system
              functions and upgraded the user service experience to enhance digital management capabilities.

    3.11.6 Liquidity risk management

              Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company is unable to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in a
              timely manner to grow its assets, pay maturing debts and perform other payment obligations. The liquidity risk
              management of the Company is based on the principles of prudence, foresight and comprehensiveness, which is
              appropriate for the current development stage of the Company. The current liquidity risk management policies and
              systems of the Company have satisfied the regulatory requirements and its own management needs.

              Based on the principle of separating policy-making, strategy implementation and supervision of liquidity risk
              management, the Company has established a liquidity risk management governance structure under which the roles,
              responsibilities and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, senior management, special committees and relevant
              departments are clarified to ensure the effectiveness of liquidity risk management.

              During the reporting period, based on the analysis of macroeconomic and market trends, the Company dynamically
              quantified and forecasted the future risk situation, and proactively arranged the asset-liability management strategy
              to achieve the balance between risk and yield. Firstly, the Company constantly optimised the asset-liability structure,
              promoted the steady growth of customer deposits, and enhanced the origination and support of assets, maintaining
              stable operation of assets and liabilities. Secondly, the Company strengthened forward-looking forecasts of liquidity
              risk, flexibly carried out active liability management of treasury based on the operation of major businesses and
              indicators and in line with market trends, expanded diversified financing channels, and stabilised the sources
              of long-term liabilities through bond issuance and other means. Thirdly, the Company strengthened liquidity
              risk monitoring and management for business lines, overseas branches and subsidiaries with reasonable control
              of maturity mismatches. Fourthly, the Company continued to carry out liquidity stress testing and contingency
              simulation drills, implemented liquidity emergency management, and effectively improved the ability to respond to
              liquidity risk events.

              As of the end of the reporting period, all liquidity indicators of the Company met the regulatory requirements
              and the Company had sufficient funding sources to meet the needs of sustainable and healthy development of its
              business. In accordance with the requirements of the PBOC, the Company’s statutory reserve requirement ratio for
              RMB deposit was 5.5%, and the statutory reserve requirement ratio for foreign exchange deposit was 4%. The
              Company’s liquidity indicators operated well. Deposits maintained steady growth. Liquidity reserves were sufficient
              and overall liquidity was at a safe level.

              For more information about the Company’s liquidity risk management, please refer to Note 60(c) to the financial
              statements.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                             81

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

3.11.7 Reputational risk management

          Reputational risk refers to the risk that the Company might be negatively evaluated by relevant stakeholders, the
          public and the media due to behaviours of the Company, its employees or external incidents, which is detrimental
          to the brand value and normal operation of the Company, or, to the extent, affects the market and social stability.
          Reputational risk management is an important part of the corporate governance and the overall risk management
          system of the Company, covering all activities, operations and businesses undertaken by the Company and its
          subsidiaries. The Company has established and formulated the reputational risk management rules and system,
          taking the initiatives to effectively prevent the reputational risk and coping with any incidents in relation to
          reputation, so as to reduce loss and negative impact to the greatest extent.

          During the reporting period, the Company strictly fulfilled the relevant requirements of the “Rules on Reputational
          Risk Management of Banking and Insurance Institutions (Provisional)”, revised and refined the reputational
          risk management system while adhering to the management principles of forward-looking, compatibility, full-
          coverage, effectiveness, and subjectivity. The Company continued to optimise the reputational risk management
          mechanism and deepened management of the entire process. Specifically, the Company established a pre-
          assessment mechanism, conducted regular inspections and strengthened prevention and governance at the source.
          The Company launched a public opinion incidents management system, optimised its monitoring and identification
          mechanism, and ensured that the reputational risk incidents are properly dealt with. The Company emphasised
          on addressing both symptoms and root causes. In addition to properly handling of public opinion incidents, the
          Company also investigated the causes thereof, pushing for improvements in operation management and services.
          The Company strengthened contingency simulation drills for public opinion incidents and training to foster a sound
          and prudent reputation risk culture. The Company conducted positive publicity campaigns to effectively safeguard
          the brand image.

3.11.8 Compliance risk management

          Compliance risk refers to the possibility that financial institutions or their employees will bear criminal,
          administrative, or civil legal liabilities, property losses, reputational losses, or other negative impacts due to violations
          of compliance regulations with respect to financial institutions’ operating and management behaviours or employee
          performance behaviours. The Company set up three lines of defence for compliance management comprising
          business lines, compliance management department and auditing department through the establishment of a
          management structure comprising the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors, the
          Risk and Compliance Management Committee, heads of compliance, compliance officers as well as compliance
          supervisors of the Head Office and its branches, thereby forming a compliance management organisational system
          with well-developed organisation, clearly defined rights and responsibilities, reasonable work allocation and mutual
          coordination and collaboration. Meanwhile, through system management, legal compliance reviews, compliance risk
          assessment and monitoring, construction of compliance culture, management of employee behaviour and system
          building, the Company continuously improved compliance risk management techniques and optimised management
          procedures and established a complete and effective compliance risk management system to achieve effective
          control of compliance risks.

          During the reporting period, in the face of the severe and complex domestic and international environment, risks
          and challenges, the Company took active coping measures and continued to consolidate its internal control and
          compliance management system through various measures. The first was to optimise the system for internalising
          external regulations, strengthen the interpretation and conveyance of the new regulatory requirements, and promote
          the implementation of the new regulatory requirements such as the “Measures for the Compliance Management of
          Financial Institutions” in the Company. The second was to implement strict legal compliance review requirements,
          effectively identify, evaluate and prevent the legal compliance risks of new products, new businesses and major
          projects. The third was to organise diversified compliance culture publicity events such as “2025 Compliance
          Performance Year”, “Legal Compliance Forum” and “Retail Banking Laws & Compliance”, and continuously
          reinforce employee behaviour management. The fourth was to tighten up supervision, inspection, and problem
          rectification management, and improve the quality and efficiency of inspection and rectification work. The fifth was
          to actively deepen the digital and intelligent construction in internal control and compliance to ensure the high-
          quality development of the Company.
82  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    3.11.9 Money laundering risk management

              Money laundering risk refers to the risk that the Company may be exposed to because of being used by the three
              types of activities, namely “money laundering”, “terrorist financing” and “proliferation financing” in the course of
              conducting business and managing operations. The Company has established a relatively sound money laundering
              risk management mechanism, including a money laundering risk management structure with clear responsibilities
              assumed by the Board of Directors and its Audit Committee, senior management, functional departments, branches
              and subsidiaries, an anti-money laundering system with comprehensive coverage, an well-functioning and effective
              risk assessment and dynamic monitoring mechanism, scientific and reasonable anti-money laundering data
              governance mechanism, targeted management strategy of customers and businesses associated with high risks,
              advanced and efficient IT system support, independent inspection and auditing mechanism, as well as continuous
              anti-money laundering training and promotion mechanism, so as to provide compliance guarantee for the
              Company’s stable operations.

              During the reporting period, the Company proactively fulfilled its anti-money laundering obligations and constantly
              improved the quality and efficiency of its money laundering risk management. The Company strengthened the
              promotion and training on the new Anti-Money Laundering Law and ensured its high-standard implementation.
              The Company organised training sessions on the new law covering all levels { including the Board of Directors,
              senior management, business departments, and new employees { through various channels. The Company also
              conducted gap analysis against the new law to systematically drive the execution of its requirements. The Company
              continuously optimised suspicious transaction monitoring rules and explored the application of new technologies
              such as large language model, thereby constantly enhancing the quality, efficiency, and social value of suspicious
              transaction monitoring and analysis. The Company refined the anti-money laundering customer due diligence
              system, promoted the establishment of continuous in-progress due diligence mechanisms for key businesses, and
              optimised due diligence workflows. In addition, various measures were adopted to strengthen the support of the
              anti-money laundering KYC platform (customer due diligence platform). The Company accelerated the digital and
              intelligent transformation of the anti-money laundering systems. The Company continued to drive the centralised
              development, standardisation of services, standardisation of data calibres, and intelligent application of data across
              the anti-money laundering systems of all Group members.

    3.12 Implementation of the Action Plan of “Corporate Value and
          Return Enhancement”

              During the reporting period, the Company conscientiously implemented the requirements of the Regulatory
              Guidelines for the Listed Companies No. 10 – Market Value Management from the CSRC, and proactively responded
              to the Initiative of the Shanghai Stock Exchange on Carrying Out the Special Action of “Corporate Value and
              Return Enhancement” for Companies listed in Shanghai. Accordingly, the Company formulated the CMB Market
              Value Management System and the Action Plan of “Corporate Value and Return Enhancement”. The specific
              implementation details are as follows:

              Firstly, the overall operation remained stable with positive momentum, reaching a new stage of high-
              quality development. The Company took the strategic target of building a value creation bank, adhered to the
              coordinated development of quality, profitability and scale and carried out various businesses in a sound manner.
              Both the scale of assets and liabilities grew steadily. The operating profitability remained stable with positive
              momentum, and the asset quality remained stable. The transformation through “the Internationalisation Initiative,
              the Comprehensive Operation Initiative, the Differentiation Initiative, and the Digitisation and Intelligence Initiative”
              yielded positive results. The core competitiveness further solidified and the return on average equity (ROAE)
              maintained at a relatively high level in the industry. For details, please refer to “Chairman’s Statement”, “President’s
              Statement” and Chapter III “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this report.

              Secondly, the Company continued the improvement of the corporate governance mechanism to elevate
              ESG governance standards. The Company consistently advanced the efficient operation of the Board of
              Directors and its special committees, fully leveraging the role of Independent Directors to continuously enhance
              the standardisation and effectiveness of the operation of the Board of Directors. The Company implemented the
              requirements of laws and regulations such as the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China and the latest
              regulatory policies, efficiently advancing reforms to the Board of Supervisors. Timely revisions to the Articles of
              Association and supporting systems have continuously solidified the foundations of the corporate governance
              system. Concurrently, the Company actively embraced ESG philosophy, earnestly fulfilled its social responsibility,
              and continuously enhanced sustainable development capabilities. The Company's MSCI ESG rating was the highest
              “AAA” for two consecutive years. For details of the Company’s adherence to modern corporate governance
              mechanism and implementation of sustainable development philosophy, please refer to Chapter IV “Environmental,
              Social and Governance (ESG)” and Chapter V “Corporate Governance”.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                        83

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Thirdly, the Company continuously enhanced information disclosure and investor relations management
to constantly increase market recognition. During the reporting period, the Company consistently refined its
information disclosure system, strictly fulfilled statutory disclosure obligations, and fully safeguarded investors’
right to know. Concurrently, guided by investors’ needs, the Company continuously improved the initiative and
transparency of information disclosures while actively addressing investor concerns. The Company proactively
engaged in communication with diversified investors through various channels, actively promoting its development
strategy and operational achievements. During the reporting period, the Company held a total of three regular
results announcements in the form of onsite meeting + webcast, conducted multiple rounds of domestic and
overseas roadshows, participated in 48 investment strategy meetings, received 69 groups of investors for research,
and conducted over 10,000 institutional investor interactions. Hundreds of investor telephone enquiries were
handled, and investor emails and messages were promptly addressed. For details, please refer to Section 5.9
“Communication with Shareholders”.

Fourthly, the level of cash dividends remained industry-leading, generating long-term sustainable value
returns for shareholders. The Company consistently prioritised shareholder returns, emphasising the stability and
continuity of its cash dividend policy while repeatedly increasing the cash dividend payout ratio. Since 2013, the
Company’s cash dividend payout ratio has consistently maintained above 30%. The 2024 cash dividend amounted
to RMB50.440 billion (inclusive of tax), representing a sustained increase over years. The cash dividend payout ratio
remained around 35%, leading the industry. To further enhance the sense of gain for extensive investors, an interim
dividend was introduced for the first time in 2025, with a cash dividend payout ratio of 35.02%. For details, please
refer to Section 5.11 “Profit Appropriation”.

3.13 Outlook and Coping Tactics

          Looking ahead to 2026, on the international front, momentous changes unseen in a century are accelerating,
          with the global economic and trade environment remaining highly uncertain. Overseas economies are expected to
          maintain robust growth driven by AI, with inflation carrying upside risks. Monetary policies among major central
          banks may continue diverging, though the divergence could marginally converge. International geopolitical tensions,
          the artificial intelligence bubble, and fiscal sustainability concerns in certain economies may constitute three major
          potential risks.

          On the domestic front, in the first year of the 15th Five-Year Plan, China’s economic growth target will be set to
          maintain stable growth. An economic development model driven by domestic demand, consumption-led growth,
          and endogenous expansion will be persistently advanced. Firstly, economic policies will maintain their intensity while
          enhancing effectiveness, with greater fiscal support from the central government and appropriately accommodative
          monetary policy. Secondly, aggregate economic and financial indicators will grow steadily, with accelerated
          development of a modern industrial system, concentrated commencement of major projects, expansion of service
          consumption, and reduced drag from real estate investment. Thirdly, supply-side capacity management will advance
          rapidly, with prices expected to moderate as supply-demand rebalancing takes effect.

          Based on the macroeconomic situation and internal development goals, the Company plans to increase both the
          total deposits from customers, and the total loans and advances to customers by approximately 6% to 7% in 2026.

          In 2026, the Company aims to further implement the value creation bank strategy, keep moving forward while
          maintaining stability, and take proactive measures, creating more and greater value for customers, employees,
          shareholders, partners, and the society, and contributing to the construction of a financial powerhouse and the path
          of financial development with Chinese characteristics.

          Firstly, the Company will proactively enhance the quality and efficiency of services to the real economy.
          Capturing policies and market opportunities, the Company will focus on policies and market opportunities in the key
          areas such as the “Two Renewal Campaigns” and “Two Major Plans”31, expanding the capacity and improving the
          quality of the service industry, promoting high-quality development of key industrial chains, advancing the “carbon
          peak and carbon neutrality” goals, stabilising the property market, and fostering the healthy development of capital
          markets. The Company will increase lending efforts to maintain reasonable growth in credit volume and effective
          improvement in credit quality. The Company will continue to excel in technology finance, green finance, inclusive
          finance, retirement finance, digital finance, intelligent manufacturing finance, cross-border finance, government
          finance, and consumer finance. Through high-quality financial provision, the Company will contribute to the high-
          quality development of the economy and society.

31 “Two Renewal Campaigns” refers to large-scale equipment renewals and consumer goods trade-in programs. “Two Major Plans” refers to the plans to
          execute major national strategies and build security capacity in key areas.
84  China Merchants Bank          Chapter III Management Discussion and Analysis

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Secondly, the Company will engage in both capital-light and capital-heavy businesses to accelerate
    balanced and coordinated development of the four major business segments. The Company will continuously
    consolidate the systematic advantages of the retail finance sector, accelerating to become “the best retail bank
    in China driven by innovation, leading the market, and with an excellent brand”; the Company will continue to
    build specialised advantages in corporate finance, expand high-quality customer groups, consolidate and refine the
    segmentation and classification-based service system, and strengthen core competencies; the Company will promote
    the investment banking and financial markets segments to further expand and optimise the business, strengthen
    professional, systematic, and ecological construction, and consolidate and improve competitive advantages in
    segmented areas; the Company will accelerate the development of the wealth management and asset management
    segments, fostering mutual reinforcement and virtuous cycles to elevate its capacity for creating value for customers.

    Thirdly, the Company will seize opportunities and resolutely advance the transformation through the “Four
    Initiatives”. The Company will accelerate “the Internationalisation Initiative”, promote high-quality growth of
    overseas institutions tailored to local conditions, enhance global service capabilities and influence, and elevate the
    internationalisation level of management and talent. The Company will extensively advance “the Comprehensive
    Operation Initiative”, fully leverage the advantages of its financial licenses and business presence to enhance
    the overall competitiveness of its subsidiaries and strengthen mutual empowerment between the parent bank and
    its subsidiaries. In particular, the Company will create competitive strengths through “the Differentiation
    Initiative”, consolidate the dominant position of retail finance, promote balanced and coordinated development
    of the four major business segments, reinforce and expand the advantages in serving clients in targeted sectors,
    develop new strengths in specialised businesses, accelerate the formation of new growth poles in key regions, and
    enhance differentiated development capabilities. The Company will accelerate transformation through “the
    Digitisation and Intelligence Initiative”, adhere to an “AI First” philosophy to expedite the development of an
    intelligent bank; the Company will expand and deepen AI applications while intensifying exploration of intelligent
    agent deployment; the Company will enhance data governance and knowledge management capabilities; the
    Company will accelerate the building of an AI-driven organisation, establish a digital and intelligent capability
    management system, and effectively advance the integration of “people + digital intelligence” at a deeper level.

    Fourthly, the Company will uphold the bottom line and continuously consolidate a fortress-style risk
    and compliance management system. The Company will strengthen risk prevention and control in key areas,
    persistently advance the prevention and resolution of real estate risks, accelerate the establishment of a proactive
    risk management system for retail loans, and enhance market risk prevention and control. The Company will
    strengthen system and capability development, continuously consolidate and refine the organisational structure,
    institutional processes, and evaluation and assessment systems for risk and compliance management. The Company
    will accelerate AI empowerment as well as digital and intelligent transformation to enhance the effectiveness of
    the risk and compliance management framework. The Company will strengthen internal control and compliance
    management, intensively carry out the “Year of Deepening Compliance Management” activities, reinforce risk
    compliance awareness training, and rigorously guard against money laundering risks, sanctions compliance risks, and
    country risks.

    Fifthly, the Company will consolidate its foundations and continuously enhance its lean management
    capabilities. The Company will strengthen asset-liability management, promote aggregate growth in assets and
    liabilities, optimise structural adjustments, and ensure reasonable pricing. The Company will refine capital allocation
    and management, improve the efficiency of capital use, and maintain the competitive edge in net interest margin.
    The Company will strengthen holistic cost management, balance short-, medium-, and long-term value creation.
    The Company will adopt targeted measures, retaining necessary expenses and reducing those with lower priority,
    so as to achieve greater cost reduction and efficiency enhancement. The Company will put emphasis on team
    management, strengthening the building of a “professional, diverse, market-driven, and international” talent pool,
    increasing human resource allocation in key areas, and cultivating a high-calibre specialist workforce. The Company
    will strengthen consumer rights protection management, boost tiered and categorised complaint management,
    and continuously advance service improvement initiatives to elevate the overall service capabilities. The Company
    will upgrade operations management, and persistently advance digital and intelligent, platform-based, and
    centralised operations management, thereby enhancing business support and customer service capabilities.
Embracing the wave of
openness to accelerate
international development
86  China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

    4.1 ESG Review

              The Company actively embraces ESG philosophy, effectively fulfils social responsibility, and continuously creates
              comprehensive value for customers, employees, shareholders, partners and the society, contributing to the
              sustainable development of the economy and society.

              In 2025, the Company’s MSCI ESG rating remained grade AAA.

              In 2025, the Company achieved the social contribution value of RMB15.69 per share (calculated on the Group’s
              statistical calibre) 32.

              For further information on the ESG of the Company, please refer to China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Sustainability
              Report 2025 published on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
              and the Company.

    4.2 Environmental Information

              In active response to the national strategic objectives of carbon peak and carbon neutrality, the Company
              accelerates the development of green finance, improves the management system for green operation, promotes the
              transformation of green development, and boosts the harmonious coexistence of human and nature. During the
              reporting period, the Company did not experience any unexpected major environmental incidents, nor was it subject
              to any serious administrative penalties or criminal liabilities imposed by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment and
              other relevant departments as a result of environmental incidents.

    4.2.1 Environmental (climate) related governance framework

              During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company played its strategic leadership role in
              environmental (climate) management and green finance, regularly reviewed the sustainable development report,
              strategic implementation report and comprehensive risk report with the Board of Supervisors, and effectively
              assumed its primary responsibility for environmental governance, climate risk management and green finance, so
              as to improve the Company’s ESG management capability and performance. At the same time, relevant special
              committees under the Board of Directors were in place to highlight the Company’s concern about environmental
              (climate) management, green finance and green operation, and provided professional opinions and advice to the
              Board of Directors.

              In terms of green finance, the Green Finance Business Development Committee of the Company is responsible
              for coordinating and promoting work related to green finance across the Bank, including formulating strategic
              plans, setting development targets, defining key customer bases and developing business operation strategies
              regarding green finance, and promoting green finance product service system and green risk management system
              construction, contemplating resource allocation and green finance assessment supporting policies, advancing
              information disclosure competency, building green finance brand, and enhancing the effectiveness of the Company’s
              ESG governance. Meanwhile, the special committee has set up relevant project teams that operate in close and
              effective coordination and collaboration. During the reporting period, the Green Finance Business Development
              Committee organised and held five working meetings, formulating, reviewing and approving the “2025 Green
              Finance Action Plan”, which clarified the annual green finance development goals and promoted the development of
              green finance business across the Bank. In terms of green operation, the Green Operation Management Committee
              of the Company is mainly responsible for the planning, resolutions review, implementation and supervision related
              to green operation, ensuring the effective implementation of decisions and measures related to green operation,
              and coordinating 13 departments of the Head Office and 7 major subsidiaries to collaboratively promote the
              establishment of the carbon management system for the Company’s operation. During the reporting period, the
              Green Operation Management Committee organised and held four working meetings, formulating the “2025
              Green Operation Work Plan” and “2026 Action Plan for Green Operation” to actively promote the Group’s solid
              implementation of green operation work.

    32 Social contribution value per share = basic earnings per share + (taxes paid + employee expenses + interest expenses + total external donations)/total
              share capital of ordinary shares at the end of the period.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                              87

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4.2.2 Environmental (climate) risk response at the business side

          During the reporting period, the Company formulated the “Credit and Investment Policies of China Merchants Bank
          for 2026 ( ‫ם‬ਠვБ2026ϋબ‫ڦ‬ၾҳ༟݁ഄ)” applicable to all of the investment and financing business. The policy
          includes a special chapter on green finance, which specifies the overall objectives and specific strategies of green
          finance, and calls for the continuous improvement of policies and systems, and the effective enhancement of the
          full-process management of ESG risks.

          In terms of risk appetite, the Company clarified the relevant requirements of green finance, specified classification
          criteria, optimised risk assessment criteria, strictly controlled customers and projects with significant ESG risks,
          steadily increased the proportion of green financial assets, promoted the green transformation of investment and
          financing structure, and promoted the high-quality development of green finance. At the same time, the Company
          set a risk appetite indicator related to the proportion of green loans, continued to monitor and regularly reported
          the implementation of risk appetite to the Board of Directors.

          In terms of customer admission, the Company adhered to the “one-vote veto” mechanism for ESG evaluation, and
          explicitly required projects and customers to comply with national environmental protection standards in terms
          of site selection, production processes, resource consumption and pollutant emissions. The Company will not
          participate in projects with high energy consumption, high carbon emissions and low efficiency. The Company will
          strictly review enterprises in environmentally sensitive industries with high pollution and high carbon emissions.
          For projects and enterprises that do not meet the requirements of ESG and relevant industrial policies, no credit
          extension shall be granted, and the issued credit shall be withdrawn.

          In terms of customer classification, the Company formulated the “Administrative Measures for the Classification of
          ESG Risks of Corporate Customers of China Merchants Bank ( ‫ם‬ਠვБ࿁ʮ‫˒܄‬ESGࠬᎈʱᗳ၍ଣ፬‫”)ج‬. Based
          on the extent of environmental (climate) and social impact of enterprises and their projects, as well as the level
          of exposure to ESG risks in terms of energy consumption, carbon emissions, environmental pollution, ecological
          protection, climate change, land acquisition and demolition, occupational health, gender equality, work safety, and
          resettlement of immigrants, corporate customers are classified into “four colours and six categories (̬Ѝʬᗳ)”:
          green (ESG friendly), blue (ESG qualified I and ESG qualified II), yellow (ESG concerned) and red (ESG missing I and
          ESG missing II).

          In terms of risk monitoring and early warning, the Company comprehensively collected official information from the
          National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Ecology and Environment and other governmental
          and regulatory authorities, as well as feedback from the media and the social public, and information from on-site
          surveys conducted by business personnel, to monitor and assess the ESG risks of investment and financing clients or
          projects in a dynamic manner. The Company also established a closed-loop process of “ESG risk identification, risk
          screening, risk early warning, and control and rectification.” In 2025, the Company continued to enrich customer
          ESG risk data, formed ESG risk signals, and improved the comprehensiveness and accuracy of risk monitoring.

          In terms of inspection and supervision, the Company formulated the “Guiding Opinions on Risk Inspection and
          Supervision for 2025 ( ᗫ‫׵‬2025ϋࠬᎈᏨ‫္ݟ‬ຖʈЪܸٙኬจԈ)”, clearly including green finance and customers’
          ESG risks into the scope of daily risk inspection and supervision, and set up key points of relevant inspection and
          supervision. The development of green finance was included in the inspection of branches and sub-branches, so as
          to identify problems and urge them to implement rectification in a timely manner.

          In terms of audit inspection, the Company regularly organises audits related to green finance on an annual
          basis. In 2025, green finance was incorporated into routine audits, with a focus on branches’ implementation of
          green finance policies, process management, data quality, asset quality, and rectification, thereby enhancing the
          effectiveness of operational management.
88  China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    4.2.3 Green finance

              In terms of green credit, during the reporting period, the Company constantly improved the management systems,
              as well as incentive and restraint mechanisms of green credit to meet the requirements of the Green Finance
              Guidelines of regulatory authorities. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company’s green loan balance
              was RMB609.413 billion, representing an increase of 21.01% as compared with the beginning of the year, which
              was 15.53 percentage points higher than the growth rate of the loans extended by the Company. These green
              loans were mainly invested in the fields of energy conservation and carbon emission reduction, environmental
              protection, resource recycling, green and low-carbon transformation of energy, ecological protection, restoration,
              and utilisation, green upgrade of infrastructure, green services, green trade and green consumption. As of the end
              of the reporting period, the Company had cumulatively granted RMB1.910 billion of sustainability-linked loans;
              CMB Financial Leasing, a subsidiary of the Company, granted loans of RMB64.302 billion in green leasing business,
              accounting for 59.33% of total loans granted by CMB Financial Leasing, with a closing loan balance in green leasing
              business amounting to RMB114.808 billion33, representing an increase of 23.89% as compared with the beginning
              of the year.

              In terms of green deposits34, the Company not only met the deposit needs of corporate customers, but also helped
              them closely integrate environmental protection responsibilities with development practices. During the reporting
              period, the Company successfully launched green deposit services online through CMB Corporate U-Bank, and
              conducted in-depth promotion and training on green deposits to promote green deposit acquisition. As of the end
              of the reporting period, the Company handled a cumulative amount of RMB14.797 billion in green deposits. During
              the reporting period, CMB Wing Lung Bank, a subsidiary of the Company, issued corporate green deposits with a
              maximum issuance size of HKD1.7 billion.

              In terms of green bonds, as of the end of the reporting period, the balance of proceeds from outstanding RMB-
              denominated green finance bonds of the Company was RMB5.0 billion, and the balance of proceeds from
              outstanding overseas USD-denominated green bonds, social responsibility bonds, sustainable development bonds
              and blue overseas USD-denominated bonds was USD1.4 billion. The funds raised from the domestic and overseas
              ESG financial bonds of the Company mainly supported industries such as energy conservation and environmental
              protection, clean production, clean transportation, marine resources protection, clean energy, green upgrade of
              infrastructure, etc. During the reporting period, the Company assisted companies in issuing 56 green bonds, of
              which the Company has lead-underwritten a total value of RMB22.059 billion, and the funds raised were mainly
              invested in the construction and operation of renewable energy facilities, supporting facilities for clean energy
              vehicles, advanced environmental protection equipment manufacturing, industrial energy-saving transformation, new
              energy vehicles and green ships, urban environmental infrastructure and other fields. In 2025, CMB International
              Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, assisted 36 companies in issuing 43 green bonds, with a fundraising scale of
              USD14.410 billion, representing an increase of 30.71% as compared with the end of the previous year.

              In terms of green investment, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to practise the ESG investment philosophy.
              As of the end of the reporting period, the green bonds held by the Company amounted to RMB30.358 billion. CMB
              Wealth Management, a subsidiary of the Company, gave priority to the investment in green bonds. As of the end
              of the reporting period, the balance of investments in green bonds of CMB Wealth Management was RMB24.563
              billion. China Merchants Fund, a subsidiary of the Company, actively promoted ESG products and launched a
              number of CSI A series index products. As of the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Fund had a total
              of 19 existing ESG-related products, with an existing fund size of RMB21.580 billion. CMB Wing Lung Bank, a
              subsidiary of the Company, actively participated in the domestic and overseas green bond investment and trading.
              As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of green bonds held by CMB Wing Lung Bank was HKD19.337
              billion. CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, actively promoted the transformation, upgrading
              and sustainable development of the green industry. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of green
              investment held by CMB International Capital was RMB11.610 billion.

              In terms of green wealth management, as of the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 24 existing
              ESG-themed wealth management products from its agency distribution, with an existing fund size of RMB8.589
              billion. In addition, the Company had a total of 136 existing funds themed around ESG, green environmental
              protection, new energy, carbon neutrality and photovoltaic from its agency distribution, with a combined balance of
              RMB8.597 billion. CMB Wealth Management, a subsidiary of the Company, actively innovated wealth management
              products with ESG philosophy. As of the end of the reporting period, CMB Wealth Management had a total of 17
              existing green finance-related wealth management products, with an existing fund size of RMB14.033 billion.

    33 The green leasing business is categorised in accordance with the “Green Finance Endorsed Project Catalogue (2025 Edition)” issued by the People’s Bank
              of China, the National Financial Regulatory Administration and CSRC. The same-calibre adjustment was made to the data at the beginning of the period.

    34 Green deposit is a green finance product that raises funds for sustainable projects of green economy, helping drive the transition to a low-carbon, climate-
              change-adapted and sustainable economy.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                89

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4.2.4 Green operation

          In terms of green operation, the Company continued to improve the management system for green operation,
          deepened carbon emission reduction measures across all scenarios, strengthened internal promotion of green
          development concept, and simultaneously improved the level of refined management of resources such as energy,
          paper, water resources and waste in accordance with the green operation work plan, further advancing systematic
          construction of its green operation in depth.

          In terms of carbon management in operations, the Company further improved its organisational mechanisms,
          management systems, and assessment frameworks to strengthen the system of carbon management for operations.
          Centred on the Green Operation Management Committee, the Company systematically advanced the construction
          of the Group-wide green operation management system. Four special meetings were convened in 2025 to ensure
          the efficient implementation of relevant decisions and measures regarding green operation. The Company improved
          its institutional system by issuing the “Guidelines for Financial Materiality Analysis of China Merchants Bank’s
          Sustainable Development Topics ( ‫ם‬ਠვБ̙ܵᚃᙄᕚৌਕࠠࠅ‫׌‬ʱܸؓˏ)” to standardise the methodology
          and processes for sustainability disclosure, as well as the “Measures for Evaluation of Green Operation of China
          Merchants Bank’s Domestic Branches ( ‫ם‬ਠვБྤʫʱБၠЍ༶ᐄʈЪ൙ᄆ፬‫ ”)ج‬to establish a green operation
          evaluation framework at branch level. The Company upgraded its digital and intelligent management tools by
          iterating the carbon management system, optimising the entire process of carbon emission data collection,
          processing, and analysis to provide digital and intelligent support for its green operation. The Company strengthened
          its professional capabilities by promoting knowledge accumulation and capacity building in carbon management,
          while enriching the professional talent pool for carbon management. The Company improved the assessment and
          evaluation mechanism by setting “green operation” performance indicators at the Head Office, branches and
          subsidiaries, and incorporating carbon accounting for operations into the data quality assessment system, so as to
          drive the implementation of green operation through performance assessment.

          In terms of carbon accounting for operations, the Company organised the entire Group to complete the annual
          inventory of greenhouse gas emissions at its own operational level. It continued to improve the quality of carbon
          data for operations by reviewing historical carbon accounting data for operations, sorting out data quality issues,
          clarifying carbon emission data standards for operations and collection requirements, and launching online training
          courses on carbon accounting for operations, so as to consolidate the data foundation of carbon accounting
          for operations and ensure the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of carbon emission data. Relevant data
          management measures and achievements were disclosed simultaneously.

          In terms of carbon emission reduction for operations, the Company intensified its carbon emission reduction
          initiatives for operations and released the “Carbon Emission Reduction Toolbox for Green and Low-carbon Operation
          of China Merchants Bank ( ‫ם‬ਠვБၠЍЭ၁༶ᐄ၁ಯરʈՈᇌ)” to provide scenario-based and actionable
          implementation of emission reduction suggestions. The Company set up specific fund to support the energy-saving
          retrofit and technology upgrades of infrastructure such as air-conditioning, elevators, and lighting, and established a
          closed-loop management mechanism for energy-saving projects to regularly evaluate the progress and effectiveness
          of energy-saving projects of various institutions. The Company also continued to advance the replacement of
          business vehicles with new energy vehicles, successfully achieving the established goal of 85% new energy vehicles
          in newly purchased business vehicles across the Bank in 2025.

          In terms of energy management, the Company advanced energy-saving and carbon-reduction initiatives across
          multiple dimensions, implementing a series of measures with notable results. The Company released the “Action
          Plan for Green Operation for Office Premises of China Merchants Bank in 2025 ( ‫ם‬ਠვБ2025ϋ፬ʮ‫ุي‬ၠ
          Ѝ༶ᐄБਗ˙ࣩ)”, to promote high-quality energy consumption reduction. The Company established a green
          operation honour system for office premises across the Bank, set evaluation indicators from the dimensions of
          electricity, water, and renewable energy utilisation, and drove the green operation of the Bank to a new level.
          The Company comprehensively collected and analysed electricity consumption data of office buildings and outlets
          of the Head Office and branches, compiled the “Electricity Consumption Analysis Report of the Bank ( ΌБཥɢ
          ঐঃઋ‫ر‬ʱؓజѓ)”, providing strong support for scientific decision-making in energy management. During the
          reporting period, energy-saving renovations and management initiatives were implemented at the office premises
          of the Head Office and branches, resulting in the reduction of 3,755.77 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent. These
          initiatives included facility upgrades by replacing lights with LEDs, installing smart-sensor lighting and timed power-
90  China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    off sockets, piloting AI-based air conditioning optimisation, and replacing outdated electronic equipment, as well
    as strengthening management through floor-level energy inspections and promotion of green operation concepts.
    Furthermore, the Company phased out high-fuel-consumption vehicles and advocated the “turn off the engine when
    parked” initiative for business vehicles, reducing fuel consumption by 498,900 litres year-on-year, corresponding
    to a reduction of 1,084.36 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent. Concurrently, the Company continued to advance
    energy conservation and emission reduction in its self-owned data centres. The Pinghu Data Centre in Shenzhen
    and Zhangjiang Data Centre in Shanghai achieved energy-efficient operations by optimising airflow, environmental
    parameters, and chilled water systems in computer rooms. As a result, the average Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE)
    of the Company’s self-owned data centres dropped to 1.42 in 2025, corresponding to a reduction of 3,657.69 tons
    of carbon dioxide equivalent.

    In terms of paper management, the Company actively promoted paperless officing to reduce the use of paper
    documents. In terms of electronic seal application, during the reporting period, the electronic seal was used 145
    million times, replacing 432 million paper vouchers. In terms of paperless archiving, during the reporting period,
    the Company advanced paperless archiving by establishing a digital archives system for the Group, through which
    34.3904 million electronic records were archived, replacing 344 million paper vouchers. In terms of paperless
    business operations, through measures including electronic business agreements, paperless business operation
    approval and handover, and online electronic bank slips for corporate clients, the Company achieved 871 million
    paperless transactions during the reporting period, replacing 1.162 billion paper vouchers. In terms of paperless
    credit card, all personal credit card products supported paperless application, and credit card customers were
    encouraged to use electronic bills, thus saving 1.972 billion pieces of paper for paper bills during the reporting
    period. In terms of paperless procurement, the Company increased the proportion of the electronification of the
    whole process of the centralised procurement and decentralised procurement, reducing paper usage by 23.80 million
    pieces during the reporting period.

    In terms of water resources management, the Company vigorously advocated the recycling of wastewater to reduce
    water resources consumption. By increasing internal publicity efforts and popularising water-saving knowledge, the
    Company raised the awareness and sense of responsibility of all employees to save water. The Head Office Tower
    enhanced the efficiency of building exterior cleaning and watering of green plants and realised intensive use of
    water resources through water-saving operations such as high-pressure water cannon cleaning and drip irrigation
    technology, and used air-conditioning condensate for landscape water replenishment after processing.

    In terms of waste management, the “Waste Management Procedures” was formulated to achieve the recycling
    of certain waste materials, thereby realising waste reduction from the source and enhancing economic efficiency.
    The Company also introduced the “Implementation Rules for Food Safety Management in Staff Canteen at
    China Merchants Bank Head Office ( ‫ם‬ਠვБᐼБࡰʈ᎛ᝂ࠮ۜτΌ၍ଣྼ݄୚‫”)ۆ‬, strengthening food safety
    management while promoting anti-food waste and encouraging employees to develop the habit of “Clean Plate”
    dinning. During the reporting period, the amount of kitchen waste generated by the Head Office in Shenzhen region
    recorded a year-on-year decrease of 22.78%.

    In terms of green publicity, the Company continuously carried out green operation publicity using platforms such
    as the “Employee Service Platform” and “Energy Management Assistant” to achieve internal publicity. During the
    reporting period, the Company promoted environmental protection festivals through the “Green Life” column,
    achieving 101,200 views for its environment-related information. The Company also launched the “Employee
    Carbon Account” function, and employees had collectively undertaken 3.4844 million low-carbon emission-reduction
    actions by the end of the reporting period. Externally, the Company carried out publicity events on themes such as
    low-carbon environmental protection, biodiversity protection and sustainable lifestyle promotion on social media via
    its official account, guiding the public to pay attention to environmental and ecological protection and participate
    in the recycling of items. During the reporting period, the total exposure of related contents published on the social
    media via its official account exceeded 14.96 million times.

    In terms of green outlets, the Company continued to promote the modular decoration of outlets, compiled the
    “Design Standardisation Manual” and the “Management Process Guidance Manual” for modular decoration of
    outlets, and carried out special training on modular decoration of outlets to improve professional construction
    capabilities. During the reporting period, the modular decoration construction for 82 outlets was implemented, of
    which 50 had been completed.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                91

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4.3 Social Responsibility Information

4.3.1 Serving the real economy

          The Company closely followed the transformation and development trend of the national economy, firmly complied
          with the requirements of national policies, and increased loan issuance in key areas such as green economy,
          manufacturing, technological innovation and inclusive economy for small- and micro-sized enterprises, so as
          to continuously improve the quality and efficiency in serving the real economy. As of the end of the reporting
          period, the Company’s balance of loans extended to manufacturing industry was RMB733.612 billion, representing
          an increase of 14.36% as compared with the end of the previous year; and balance of technology loans was
          RMB1,036.854 billion, representing an increase of 8.06% as compared with the beginning of the year. During
          the reporting period, the Company granted loans totalling RMB646.929 billion to inclusive small- and micro-sized
          enterprises. At the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans extended to inclusive small- and micro-sized
          enterprises was RMB962.139 billion, representing an increase of 8.39% as compared with the end of the previous
          year. As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s agriculture-related loans amounted to
          RMB275.119 billion, representing an increase of 14.14% as compared with the end of the previous year, of which
          the balance of inclusive agriculture-related loans amounted to RMB25.439 billion, representing an increase of
          10.60% as compared with the end of the previous year.

          CMB Wealth Management, a subsidiary of the Company, continuously directed the wealth management fund
          towards the real economy, particularly to support the financing of enterprises in scientific and technological
          innovation, infrastructure and energy fields that are in line with economic transformation and upgrading. As of the
          end of the reporting period, the total balance of CMB Wealth Management’s wealth management investment assets
          supporting the real economy amounted to RMB2.02 trillion.

          Focusing on serving the national strategy and the real economy, China Merchants Fund, a subsidiary of
          the Company, proactively established business presence in the fields and segments prioritised for national
          encouragement, guiding the funds towards strategic emerging industries and small- and medium-sized enterprises
          that are categorised as “specialised, refined, distinctive and innovative (ਖ਼ၚतอ)” enterprises. As of the end of the
          reporting period, China Merchants Fund had directly invested in strategic emerging industries of RMB119.662 billion
          and invested RMB143.923 billion in small- and medium-sized enterprises.

          CMB Financial Leasing, a subsidiary of the Company, focused on new quality productive forces in a comprehensive
          manner, and conducted RMB72.599 billion of leasing business to new quality productive forces during the reporting
          period. During the reporting period, the Company achieved breakthroughs in the field of aerospace finance. With
          satellite assets as leased items, the first satellite leasing project was implemented by CMB Financial Leasing. It
          actively supported China’s shipbuilding and deepened the integration of industry and financing. As of the end
          of the reporting period, CMB Financial Leasing held 137 vessels built by several shipyards under the three major
          central state-owned shipbuilding groups and local shipbuilding enterprises domestically, with a balance of assets
          of RMB28.486 billion. At the same time, CMB Financial Leasing has closely followed the footsteps of overseas
          investment layout and overseas project contracting of Chinese enterprises, served Chinese enterprises in “going
          global”, and took the lead in carrying out cross-border leasing projects with operating leasing products, which has
          successfully solved overseas financing problems for Chinese enterprises, and helped expand the market for “Made in
          China” equipment manufacturers.

          CMB International Capital, a subsidiary of the Company, made full use of its differentiated professional advantages
          to provide corporate clients with comprehensive financial services such as sponsoring and underwriting services for
          Hong Kong listing activities, placement and rights issue of listed companies, bond issuance, asset management and
          financial advisory. During the reporting period, CMB International Capital facilitated multiple sci-tech enterprises in
          sectors such as semiconductors, advanced manufacturing and next-generation information technology in accessing
          the capital markets. The Company participated in 20 IPO and new share placement projects of sci-tech enterprises,
          with a total financing scale exceeding HKD28 billion.

          CIGNA & CMAM, a subsidiary of the Company, leveraged the “patient capital” advantage of insurance funds to
          support the high-quality development of the real economy. As of the end of the reporting period, the scale of
          investments in the real economy made through its entrusted life insurance funds reached RMB204.017 billion,
          accounting for 82.92% of the total investment portfolio.
92  China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    4.3.2 Supporting the improvement of people’s livelihood

              In the field of education, the Company has continuously provided agency settlement services for students with
              locally granted student loan from China Development Bank from 2022, including online account opening, loan
              issuance, identity verification for renewal application, loan repayment, etc. At the same time, the Company provides
              value-added services for students with locally granted student loan from China Development Bank, including “Dream
              Building Scholarships (ጘྫྷᆤኪ‫”)ږ‬, employment and internship support and travel insurance. As of the end of the
              reporting period, the Company has cooperated with 192 education authorities nationwide at different levels to help
              safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of students and parents who have prepaid for lessons. Fund security
              has been protected in 157 million lesson purchases from parents. The Company has empowered more than 2,400
              K12 schools through fintech, and provided convenient campus digital financial services to 2,045,100 students and
              parents, helping promote the digital transformation of schools.

              In the field of housing, the Company has focused on the participation of flexible employees in the housing provident
              fund system. By engaging in policy formulation, contribution promotion, publicity outreach, and financial services,
              the Company has worked to extend the benefits of this system to a broader population. As of the end of the
              reporting period, the Company cooperated with 40 housing provident fund management centres on the contribution
              to the housing provident fund for flexible employees.

              As one of the banks cooperating with the National Housing Provident Fund Public Service Platform of the Ministry
              of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, the Company continued to provide services such as account inquiry,
              cross-regional transfer and continuation, information inquiry and authorisation for contributors, and joined in the
              promotion of “showing code, serving you (‫ڥ‬ᇁ̙፬)” as a feature of the personal certification of housing provident
              fund services. During the reporting period, the Company provided online service to 13,059,400 people under
              housing provident fund scenario.

              In the field of medical insurance, the Company assisted in promoting the activation and application of medical
              insurance code, and provided insured persons with online services such as medical insurance code activation,
              payment and inquiry, and launched the function of QR code display by long-pressing the CMB APP icon, so as
              to continuously optimise operational convenience. The Company also participated in the promotion of medical
              insurance coverage, and supported insured persons in various provinces to pay medical insurance premiums via
              APP and outlets. With the introduction of large language model and artificial intelligence technology, the Company
              facilitated the medical insurance organisations to improve their management efficacy, and supported “nearby service
              (ఱ‫ڐ‬፬)” and “on-line service (౛ɪ፬)” for medical insurance, making the medical insurance services more warm-
              hearted and precise. As of the end of the reporting period, a total of 37.1411 million medical insurance codes were
              activated, serving 23.9014 million insured persons during the reporting period.

              The Company actively cooperated with the labour regulation agency to carry out labour security work, continued to
              deepen the comprehensive financial services associated with the supervision of wages for workers, including migrant
              workers and sanitation workers. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had opened a total of 37,505
              dedicated wage accounts for migrant workers, guaranteed the payment of wages for migrant workers amounting to
              RMB408.843 billion and served 18.9020 million migrant workers.

              Please refer to section 3.10.2 “Retirement finance business” for details of retirement finance business.

    4.3.3 Accessibility to financial services

              The Company continued to iterate and upgrade its “people + digital intelligence” service capability and experience.
              By optimising the efficiency of outlet services and enhancing the functionalities of key APPs and customer service
              hotlines, the Company sought to better meet both the financial and non-financial needs of underserved groups,
              including people in areas without physical outlets, the elderly, and people with disabilities.

              In terms of offline channels, the Company continued to promote the construction and layout optimisation of
              domestic branches and sub-branches. During the reporting period, the number of outlets increased by 7 and 123
              existing outlets were relocated to optimised sites to further expand the effective coverage of outlet services. As of
              the end of the reporting period, the Company had established 133 county-level outlets, representing an increase of
              2 as compared with the end of the previous year, thereby enhancing the accessibility of financial services in county
              regions.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                            93

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

In terms of online channels, for elderly customers, the Company has continuously pushed forward the
elderly-oriented transformation of service channels in order to render professional and considerate services to
elderly customers. For the 95555 customer service hotline, the Company has optimised the elderly-oriented service
menu by simplifying the interactive voice guidance and setting up direct access channels. This enables elderly
customers to access manual services with a single click, thereby enhancing the overall customer experience. The
Company established a professional and elderly-oriented service team that provides dedicated support for frequently
used functions such as balance inquiries, bank statement printing and utility bill inquiries. During the reporting
period, the Company provided elderly customers with 501,200 times of telephone quick-access services, with a
dedicated telephone line access rate of 99.15% and a customer satisfaction rate of 99.94%. Within the “Elderly
Version” interface of the CMB APP, the Company highlighted key message alerts and optimised the access paths
and workflows for frequently used functions. It also iterated the voice-guided screen sharing connection feature
to enable one-click access to interactive voice service for consultation and communication. As of the end of the
reporting period, customers using the CMB APP “Elderly Version” totalled 2.8883 million. For customers with
disabilities, the CMB APP has launched the “Xiao Zhao Voice Control (ʃ‫ם‬Ⴇછ)”, an accessibility assistant that
enables voice command execution, voice page summaries, and image descriptions, helping customers conduct
transactions smoothly and securely.

During the reporting period, the Company constantly carried out special work to optimise payment services, focusing
on key areas such as elderly-friendly transformation, cash services and foreign currency exchange, and provided
high-quality, efficient and convenient payment services to customer groups such as the elderly and expatriates in
China. The Company provided comprehensive services in exchange for small changes and set up express processing
channels. In addition, CMB APP “English Version” was provided with a focus on the core scenarios of users to
enhance payment convenience for expatriates in China. At the same time, the Company optimised the cross-border
payment service, and as one of the first batch of pilot banks in China, launched the Payment Connect which creates
a new channel that offers more efficient and convenient cross-border payment services for residents located in the
Chinese Mainland and China’s Hong Kong.

4.3.4 Network, information and data security

          The Board of Directors of the Company has always attached great importance to the work related to network,
          information and data security. The Board of Directors and its special committees have strengthened the performance
          of relevant responsibilities in terms of strategic guidance and risk management and have specified the relevant
          responsibilities in the Articles of Association. During the reporting period, the “Data Security Work Summary for
          2024 and Work Plan for 2025” and “Cybersecurity Analysis Report for 2024” were reviewed and approved by the
          Board of Directors.

          The Company has established the Information Security Management Committee, chaired by the President and
          the Chief Information Officer as the Executive Vice Chairman. The Information Security Management Committee
          convenes 2 meetings a year to receive progress reports on major cybersecurity and data security matters, and
          to review key issues concerning the strategy, planning, organisational structure, and resource assurance for
          cybersecurity and data security. The Information Security Management Committee has set up a data security team
          led by the Information Technology Department at the Head Office, responsible for coordinating and promoting the
          management of data security throughout the Bank.

          The Company established a comprehensive network security management framework covering four major areas,
          including Internet service security, intranet security, office security and third-party security, and continuously
          researched on security management, emergency response and disposal work. The Company established an
          all-around network security defence system, with an aim of monitoring, responding to and addressing various
          network security threats and attacks, and formulated contingency plans for typical network security scenarios and
          conducted emergency drills.

          The Company has continuously improved its data security coordination and management mechanism and
          established a management system covering all aspects of the data life cycle, including data collection, storage,
          use, processing, transmission, provision, deletion and destruction. The Company has improved the data security
          regulatory framework, continuously promoted education and training, data classification, key data activity control,
          technical protection measures, assessment and inspection, and enhancement of security level at overseas branches,
          sub-branches and subsidiaries, strictly adhering to the rules and mitigating risks.

          During the reporting period, the Company did not have any major incident of cybersecurity, information and data
          security.
94  China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    4.3.5 Customer privacy protection

              The Risk and Capital Management Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company effectively fulfils its
              function of information technology security risk management, including privacy protection. For retail customers, an
              integrated team of personal information protection has been established at the Head Office, comprising the General
              Office of Retail Finance, the Information Technology Department and the Legal Compliance Department, which
              coordinated with the data security working group at the Head Office, and is responsible for overall planning, guiding
              and coordinating the personal information protection management across the Bank. For corporate customers,
              the General Office of Corporate Finance of the Head Office took the lead in data security and privacy protection
              of corporate customer information, while the business management departments of the corporate business were
              responsible for the protection of corporate customer information in their respective business lines. Where the
              information of associated natural person was involved in the corporate business, the relevant requirements for the
              protection of personal information of the Company shall be followed.

              The Company put a high value on customer privacy protection. For retail customers, the Company strictly abided by
              national laws and regulations such as the Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China,
              continuously strengthened the protection of customers’ personal information, and safeguarded the legitimate
              rights and interests of individual customers to access, correct and delete their personal information. Each business
              management department established a convenient mechanism for accepting and processing applications from
              individual customers to exercise their rights. Individual customers may exercise the rights of access, correction and
              deletion of personal information through 95555 hotline, CMB APP “Xiao Zhao (ʃ‫”)ם‬, outlets and other online and
              offline channels. The Company will process customer requests to access, update, and delete information within 15
              days.

              For corporate customers, the Company protected customers’ rights to access, correct, delete, restrict, revoke
              authorisation and refuse to process their information. Customers have the right to access, correct and update
              information through counters, CMB Corporate APP and other channels, unless otherwise stipulated by laws,
              regulations and regulatory policies. On the Company’s product and service pages, customers can directly erase or
              delete bound corporate accounts, message logs, buffer logs and other information. At the same time, they can make
              requests to the Company for deletion of personal information in accordance with specific circumstances. Users may
              change the scope of their authorisation for the Company to continue to collect personal information or withdraw
              their authorisation by deleting the information, turning off the device functions, or setting the privacy settings of the
              APP, or they may withdraw their entire authorisation for the Company to continue to collect personal information
              by cancelling their user’s accounts.

              The Company protected retail customers’ and corporate customers’ information by adopting security measures
              that comply with industry standards. Security technology measures, such as encryption and de-identification,
              were adopted to ensure that customer information handling activities were lawful and compliant, and to prevent
              unauthorised access and the leakage, alteration and loss of customer information.

              In terms of special audits, the Company regularly conducts audit inspections related to personal information
              protection. During the reporting period, the Company carried out special audits on personal information protection,
              focusing on key areas such as customer data authorisation management, protection of stored personal information,
              and the transmission and inquiry of sensitive personal data of individual customers, thereby effectively mitigating
              non-compliance risks.

              During the reporting period, the Company did not have any material leakage of customer privacy.

    4.3.6 Consumer rights protection

              Consumer rights protection governance structure

              The Company places great importance on consumer rights protection. It strictly implements all laws, regulations,
              and regulatory requirements, establishing a consumer rights protection management system featuring clear
              objectives, a reasonable structure, adequate safeguards, and effective execution, with the Board of Directors serving
              as the highest decision-making body. The Board of Directors has established the Board of Directors’ Related Party
              Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee to oversee the senior management’s effective
              fulfilment of relevant requirements.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                   95

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

The senior management of the Company is responsible for the overall planning of the consumer rights protection.
The Company has designated a senior manager at the Head Office and each first-tier branch to lead consumer
rights protection work. A dedicated consumer rights protection department has been set up to coordinate,
organise, advance and implement relevant policies and measures. A sound horizontal information sharing and
work coordination mechanism has been established to effectively safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of
consumers, and achieve sustainable and healthy development.

Management initiatives for consumer rights protection

Under the theme of “Complaint Management Campaign”, the Company has earnestly implemented all requirements
related to consumer rights protection. The consumer rights protection has been fully embedded into the entire
process of operation management and business. Upholding the principles of fairness, impartiality, and integrity, the
Company has taken multiple measures to drive high-quality development in consumer rights protection and actively
foster a healthy and orderly financial market environment.

During the reporting period, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and senior management of the
Company continued to strengthen their planning and guidance on consumer rights protection management. The
Board of Directors and the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
under the Board of Directors organised and held meetings to review consumer rights protection issues, including
the work plan of consumer rights protection and complaint analysis reports; the Board of Supervisors continued to
enhance its supervision on the duty performance of the Board of Directors and senior management on consumer
rights protection so as to promote the improvement of the consumer rights protection management capability; the
senior management specifically deployed consumer rights protection work during key meetings such as the annual
work conference and business analysis meetings. They received work reports on a monthly basis, reviewed complaint
analysis reports, fully exercised their coordinating roles, and studied and addressed key issues in consumer rights
protection.

During the reporting period, in line with the latest regulatory requirements and practical experience, the
Company revised six systems, including those on suitability management, elderly-oriented financial services, and
financial education. These updates further improved the consumer rights protection framework, characterised by
“comprehensive coverage, a clear classification, and seamless coordination”. The Company ensured the effective
“top-down” transmission of Head Office policies and organic “bottom-up” alignment of branch-level rules, thereby
guaranteeing that consumer rights protection requirements are standardised and effectively implemented across all
levels, business lines, and processes.

During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the principles of “knowing your products” and ”knowing
your customers”, strengthening suitability management to ensure that products align with customers’ risk tolerance.
Before product sales, the Company implemented risk assessment requirements and adopted a prudent evaluation
strategy for special groups such as minors and the elderly, while strengthening risk warnings. During product sales,
the Company strictly enforced risk-matching requirements, clearly informing consumers of the product’s general
information, risk rating, associated fees, and suitability recommendations in plain and understandable language.
The Company leveraged automated system to intercept non-compliant transactions, strengthened the qualification
management and professional training of sales personnel, ensuring that sales practices across all channels are
standardised and compliant. After product sales, the Company enhanced customer after-sales management to
effectively safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of financial consumers.

During the reporting period, the Company continuously optimised its consumer rights protection review system and
deepened the application of artificial intelligence technology. The Company deployed intelligent review models in
key business scenarios, such as fund agency distribution and marketing activities, enabling rapid identification of
potential risks, shortening review cycles, and enhancing efficiency and quality of reviews. Furthermore, the Company
integrated consumer rights protection reviews into the admission procedures for partner institutions and products
from its agency distribution, achieving risk prevention and control at the source through stringent system-based
controls. Over the year, the Company completed over 210,000 consumer rights protection reviews, achieving 100%
coverage across all products and services, and effectively strengthening risk prevention.

During the reporting period, the Company took “CMB Consumer Rights Protection, Safeguarding Your Rights and
Interests” as the philosophy of its consumer rights protection sub-brand, and strengthened the value orientation of
“customer-centric”. The Company conducted continuous research on customers’ financial literacy and established
an omni-channel and matrix-style promotion model featuring both targeted and regular initiatives, carrying out
targeted, tiered, and diverse activities. The Company developed a diversified consumer rights protection awareness
96  China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    ecosystem, launching easy-to-understand content such as the “Understand Finance in Seconds (߆⚋‫ږ‬ፄ)”
    animation series and large-font risk alert posters. Its original themed promotional video achieved over 16 million
    views on the People’s Daily platform. The Company released the Annual Consumer Rights Protection Action Report,
    systematically reviewing and presenting the year’s achievements in consumer rights protection. Furthermore,
    branches leveraged regional characteristics to conduct differentiated publicity campaigns, effectively enhancing the
    precision and effectiveness of financial education. In 2025, financial education initiatives achieved over 1 billion
    consumer participations.

    During the reporting period, in accordance with the “China Merchants Bank Consumer Rights Protection Audit
    Guidelines ( ‫ם‬ਠვБऊ൬٫ᛆू‫ڭ‬ᚐᄲࠇܸˏ)”, the Company organised and conducted special audit on consumer
    rights protection. The audit covered all business lines related to consumer rights protection and 44 province-level
    branches. The audit focused on assessing the soundness of the consumer rights protection system, the adequacy
    of implementation safeguards, the effectiveness of consumer rights protection initiatives, the appropriateness of
    internal assessment and management, and the fulfilment of the eight consumer rights, thereby effectively preventing
    risks of infringing upon consumers’ legitimate rights and interests.

    During the reporting period, the Company placed great importance on customer complaint governance. It actively
    applied technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, low-code platforms, and robotic process automation
    to iteratively optimise the complaint management system, achieving automated and end-to-end monitoring of
    the entire complaint-handling process. In addition, the Company established a dedicated task force to strengthen
    the governance of key complaints, refine the hierarchical processing and escalation mechanisms, and ensure that
    customer issues are resolved promptly and appropriately. During the reporting period, the Company received a total
    of 209,359 consumer complaints35 from regulatory channels, 95555 consumer complaints channel, Credit Card
    Centre as well as other channels, of which 41.52% of the complaints were related to debit card business, 24.92%
    were related to credit card business, 15.19% were related to loan business, 5.80% were related to banking agency
    business, and 12.57% were related to payment and settlement, foreign exchange, personal financial information
    and other businesses.

    The distribution by region is shown in the table below.

    No. Region    Number of       No. Region    Number of    No. Region       Number of   No. Region   Number of
                  complaints                    complaints                    complaints               complaints
    1 Shanghai36                  12 Chongqing               23 Dongguan                  34 Hohhot
    2 Shenzhen37     (cases)      13 Qingdao       (cases)   24 Fuzhou           (cases)  35 Wuxi         (cases)
    3 Beijing                     14 Chengdu                 25 Foshan                    36 Nanning
    4 Nanjing        63,523       15 Hefei          3,552    26 Xiamen            2,035   37 Guiyang       1,204
    5 Guangzhou      28,120       16 Changsha       3,550    27 Ningbo            1,939   38 Nantong       1,165
    6 Wuhan          15,346       17 Suzhou         3,535    28 Yantai            1,884   39 Haikou
    7 Xi’an           7,305       18 Harbin         3,212    29 Urumqi            1,713   40 Quanzhou        888
    8 Hangzhou        7,132       19 Nanchang       3,038    30 Taiyuan           1,576   41 Yinchuan        774
    9 Jinan           6,967       20 Zhengzhou      2,981    31 Changchun         1,507   42 Wenzhou         740
    10 Shenyang       5,695       21 Dalian         2,753    32 Shijiazhuang      1,461   43 Tangshan        715
    11 Tianjin        5,667       22 Kunming        2,704    33 Lanzhou           1,460   44 Xining          703
                      4,274                         2,569                         1,412                      666
                      3,747                         2,370                         1,312                      507
                      3,566                         2,055                         1,291                      440
                                                                                                             306

    4.3.7 Rural revitalisation

              The Company resolutely implements the national strategic deployment of rural revitalisation, closely adhering to
              the requirements of the “five major revitalisations”. With adherence to the idea of “Education paving the way,
              healthcare safeguarding, industrial support, and livable environment creation”, the Company continues to advance
              various initiatives with a focus on strengthening the endogenous development capacity of formerly impoverished
              regions and their communities. During the reporting period, the Company formulated the 2025 rural revitalisation
              assistance work plan and targeted assistance project plan, clearly defining the guiding principles for the year, main
              work objectives and specific assistance measures. The Company invested assistance funds of RMB58.2267 million,
              and helped raise assistance funds of RMB11.2934 million for 56 assistance projects in Wuding County and Yongren
              County of Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan Province.

    35 Excluding data on complaints about the account management, negotiated repayment, credit reporting and billing standards, and repeated complaints.
    36 Including complaints from credit card users.
    37 Including complaints to Head Office departments.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                                       97

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4.3.8 Charity

          During the reporting period, the Company continued to participate in public welfare and charity events with a total
          external donations of RMB114 million, thereby contributing to the promotion of social equity and improvement of
          people’s well-being.

          Since its establishment in 2012, the Company’s “Donating Small Points for Micro Charity (ʃጐʱ•ฆʮू)” platform
          has actively responded to the call of the state and focused on social hotspots, and has launched a number of public
          welfare projects like “Free Lunch for Children (Յഁе൬ʹ᎛)” and “Yangfan Charity Books (౮ωʮूྡࣣ)”. As
          of the end of the reporting period, the platform had collected donations of a total of 639 million points, which
          translated into donations of 2,920,800 free lunches for children and 354,900 books for public welfare.

4.3.9 Human capital development

          Talent development strategy

          The Company has always adhered to the “talent-driven strategy”, committed to building itself into “the best bank
          in employee development”, and focused on developing a “professional, diverse, market-driven, and international”
          talent system. The Company strengthened talent planning and arrangement, continuously improved the
          organisational structure, prioritised human resources allocation to the front line, and increased staff for key areas,
          key institutions and key positions. The Company strengthened its efforts in the construction of the management
          staff team, strictly implemented the “dual responsibilities in one post” system, emphasised capacity building and
          reinforced job rotations of management staff team, and strengthened the construction of reserve management team
          in an effort to forge a high-quality and professional financial talent team with loyalty, integrity and responsibility.
          The Company expanded the boundaries of capabilities and enhanced the comprehensive capabilities of employees.
          The Company reinforced the cultivation of professional capabilities and the mechanism of professional certification
          for positions, and promoted the policy of working with certification. The Company opened up inter-connection of
          career development channels for domestic and overseas employees from the Head Office, branches and sub-branches
          to promote the flow of talents and facilitate talent exchange to establish a multi-level, all-round and structured
          training and development system. The Company enhanced the application of the “Six Can-do” mechanism (ʬঐዚ
          Փ)38 to create an entrepreneurial environment featuring “promotion of the competent, demotion of the mediocre
          and removal of the underperforming”, thereby stimulating team vitality and enhancing cohesion and strength. The
          Company strengthened cultural inspiration, organically integrated financial culture with Chinese characteristics
          with its corporate culture, continued to create an honest environment for entrepreneurship, and forged a team of
          management staff and employees that loves, cherishes, protects and dedicates themselves to the Company.

          The Company compiled the “China Merchants Bank Human Resources Management and Talent Strategy
          Implementation Report ( ‫ם‬ਠვБɛɢ༟๕၍ଣઋ‫ر‬ձɛʑ኷ଫྼ݄ઋ‫ر‬జѓ)” on an annual basis for review and
          approval by the Board of Directors. The report provided a comprehensive and systematic summary of the year’s
          human resources management and the progress in implementation of talent strategy, ensuring deep integration and
          synergistic advancement of the talent strategy with the Company’s overall development strategy.

          The Company actively embraced the opportunities of technological changes and kept up talent arrangements and
          planning. The Company comprehensively integrated AI to upgrade digital finance training camp, actively explored
          the application of artificial intelligence in the financial field, studied the positioning of talents in the “AI + finance”
          field, built an online + offline talent selection model, and strengthened the pre-training and recruitment planning
          for AI professionals.

          The Company stressed the cultivation of international talents. For talents with foreign language expertise and
          interdisciplinary professional backgrounds, special overseas talent exchange plans and expatriate programs are
          carried out to improve employees’ comprehensive capabilities and command of languages, and cultivate and reserve
          a talent pipeline with international perspectives in an accelerated manner.

          Equal employment

          The Company does not judge candidates on the basis of factors unrelated to their personal qualities and working
          abilities, such as gender, age, ethnicity, nationality, religion and family status, and stipulates that discriminatory
          descriptions regarding image, gender, birthplace, marital and childbearing status and other aspects are strictly
          prohibited in external recruitment announcements.

38 Management staff can be promoted or demoted; qualified talents can be recruited and those unqualified can be dismissed; remuneration can be increased
          or decreased.
98  China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

    Annual Report 2025 (H share)

    Remuneration management and non-remuneration benefits

    The Company’s remuneration policy is in line with its cultural philosophy, operation targets and corporate values.
    It aims to “improve its market-based remuneration incentive and restrictive mechanisms, serve its strategic and
    business development and fully boost the motivation of its teams”. The remuneration policy adheres to the
    remuneration management principles featuring “value guidance, performance base and risk control” and reflects
    the remuneration concept of “remuneration can be increased or decreased, get more pay for more work in a flexible
    way”. At the same time, in order to mitigate various operating and management risks, the Company has established
    a mechanism related to remuneration deferred payment and performance-based remuneration recovery and
    deduction in accordance with regulatory requirements and operational management needs. During the reporting
    period, for employees who violate laws, regulations and disciplines or incur significant exposure of risks within
    their responsibilities, the Company has, in accordance with the relevant regulations, deducted, stopped payment or
    recalled their performance-based remuneration according to the severity of the case.

    The Company’s non-remuneration benefits system comprises statutory benefits and supplementary benefits. Statutory
    benefits include legally mandated contributions to the endowment insurance, medical insurance, unemployment
    insurance, employment injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident fund for all employees. The
    Bank strictly complies with local regulations concerning maternity leave, parental leave, elderly parent care leave
    and other policy requirements. Supplementary benefits include the purchase of supplementary commercial medical
    insurance and other benefits for employees.

    The Company adheres to the principle of gender equality in remuneration and benefits, and sticks to the notion
    that gender is not a factor affecting remuneration and benefits. During the reporting period, no abnormalities were
    found in the remuneration and benefit packages between genders.

    Talent cultivation

    The Company has established a professional career progression system, providing employees with clear vertical
    development pathways. At the same time, systems concerning reserve talent pool, post qualification certification,
    talent exchange, and professional training have been established as important ways of talent reserve building and
    talent cultivation. The Company has established a reserve talent pool and supported horizontal development for
    employees such as internal transfer, skill learning and practice as well as job rotations. By sorting out the post
    qualification certification of the Bank, the Company vigorously promoted the mechanism of work with certification,
    and continued to improve the professional capabilities of its talent team. The Company also established an all-
    around and multi-level talent exchange system through short-term expatriate programs and domestic and overseas
    talent exchange programs, so as to enrich employees’ experience and foster comprehensive personal growth.

    The Company supports and encourages all employees to voluntarily participate in external professional qualification
    certification examinations, and has issued the “Notice on the Implementation of External Professional Qualification
    Certification in 2025”. Upholding the principles of “value, authority, and business relevance”, the Company
    has optimised and revised the list of 94 external professional qualification certifications. This aims to support
    personalised employee empowerment and enhance the professional capabilities of the workforce.

    The Company continues to establish a standardised and multi-tiered talent development and training system. It
    continuously carries out diversified career training programs covering all position levels, focusing on leadership
    development, professional competence enhancement, and cultural values. During the reporting period, the Company
    comprehensively upgraded the “Zhuguang Program (஼Έࠇྌ)” and organised outstanding new employees across
    the Bank to participate in centralised learning and training sessions. It adopted the “on-site training” approach for
    the first time and explored the “integration of training and business practice” model, while unswervingly advancing
    the digital transformation of training. The Company empowered the high-quality growth of training through the
    development and operation of digital platforms, integrating AI, finance, and training to continuously enhance
    employees’ professional capabilities, with a view to better integrating employees’ personal growth and value
    fulfilment with the value of China Merchants Bank.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                                                               99

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4.4 Governance Information

4.4.1 Corporate governance

          The Company continues to promote the improvement of the corporate governance mechanism, adheres to the
          principle of “two consistencies”, continuously improves the corporate governance level and adheres to the concept
          of stable and prudent risk management. The Company serves the transformation and upgrading of the national
          economy and the people’s aspirations for a better life with its own high-quality development. The key to the
          Company’s corporate governance mechanism is to adhere to the principle of president assuming full responsibility
          under the leadership of the Board of Directors, market-based operation and professionalism. During the reporting
          period, the Company’s shareholding structure was reasonable and the shareholders’ behaviours were regulated. A
          structure of decision-making levels and process mechanism with clear responsibilities and boundaries was established
          among the Shareholders’ General Meeting, Board of Directors, Board of Supervisors39 and the senior management,
          which provided the Company with a solid base for the continuous growth of its corporate governance capabilities
          and high-quality development. In particular, the Shareholders’ General Meeting is the Company’s governing body,
          comprising all shareholders, and is responsible for exercising powers including resolutions on major matters such
          as increase or decrease in the Company’s registered capital, bond issuance, profit distribution, etc. The Board of
          Directors is accountable to the Shareholders’ General Meeting and holds ultimate responsibility for the Company’s
          operation and management. Serving as the Company’s supervisory body, the Board of Supervisors is accountable to
          the Shareholders’ General Meeting, and exercises its relevant powers with the goal of safeguarding the legitimate
          rights and interests of the Company, its shareholders, employees, creditors and other stakeholders. The senior
          management is accountable to the Board of Directors, and conducts operational activities in accordance with the
          Articles of Association and the authority delegated by the Board of Directors, and is subject to supervision by the
          Board of Supervisors.

          During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company proactively performed its relevant duties in
          inclusive finance, green finance, data governance, human capital, consumer rights protection, social responsibilities,
          etc. The Board of Directors and its relevant special committees reviewed the “2024 Sustainable Development
          Report”, the “2024 Strategy Implementation Report”, the “Inclusive Finance Development for 2024 and Work Plan
          for 2025”, the “Human Resources Management and Talent Strategy Implementation Report for 2024”, the “Data
          Governance Work Summary for 2024 and Work Plan for 2025”, the “Data Security Work Summary for 2024 and
          Work Plan for 2025”, the “Cybersecurity Analysis Report for 2024”, the “Employee Behaviour Evaluation Report
          for 2024”, the “Report on the Development of Internet Loans for 2024 and Work Plan for 2025”, the “Report on
          Consumer Rights Protection and Strategic Implementation for 2024”, the “Work Plan on the Protection of Consumer
          Rights and Interests for 2025”, the “Report on the Performance of Senior Management in Consumer Rights
          Protection for 2024”, the “Report on the Circular in Relation to the Consumer Complaints in the Banking Industry
          for the First Three Quarters of 2024 issued by the Financial Consumer Protection Bureau under the National Financial
          Regulatory Administration”, the “Report on the Evaluation of Consumer Rights Protection Supervision for 2024”, the
          full text and summary of 2024 Annual Report, the full text and summary of 2025 Interim Report, and other relevant
          proposals, made solid advances in continuously serving the national strategic goal of accelerating the comprehensive
          green transformation of economic and social development and effectively ensured the implementation of
          development strategy, inclusive finance, green finance, data governance, human capital, consumer rights protection,
          social responsibilities, and other works across the Bank. The Bank worked together with all stakeholders to forge a
          new landscape of high-quality development.

39 Effective from 18 December 2025, in accordance with the Articles of Association, the Company no longer maintains a Board of Supervisors. The Audit
          Committee under the Board of Directors has assumed the powers and functions previously exercised by the Board of Supervisors as stipulated by laws and
          regulations.
100  China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company studied and reviewed the “2024 Sustainable
     Development Report”, the “2024 Strategic Implementation Report”, the “Inclusive Finance Development for 2024
     and Work Plan for 2025”, the “Data Governance Work Summary for 2024 and Work Plan for 2025”, the “Employee
     Behaviour Evaluation Report for 2024”, the “Report on the Development of Internet Loans for 2024 and Work Plan
     for 2025”, the “Report on Consumer Rights Protection and Strategic Implementation for 2024”, the “Work Plan on
     the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests for 2025”, the “Report on the Performance of Senior Management
     in Consumer Rights Protection for 2024”, the “Report on the Circular in Relation to the Consumer Complaints in
     the Banking Industry for the First Three Quarters of 2024 issued by the Financial Consumer Protection Bureau under
     the National Financial Regulatory Administration”, the “Report on the Evaluation of Consumer Rights Protection
     Supervision for 2024”, the full text and summary of 2024 Annual Report, the full text and summary of 2025 Interim
     Report, and other proposals to supervise key areas including implementation of strategies, inclusive finance, green
     finance, data governance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities, while focusing on the Board of
     Directors and senior management’s duty performance on the aforesaid issues, effectively fulfilling its supervisory
     responsibilities.

     For details on corporate governance, please refer to Chapter V.

     4.4.2 Corporate culture

               The Company attaches great importance to corporate culture development, consistently regarding it as a vital
               intangible asset and strategic resource for sustainable development. Since its inception, the Company has
               continuously explored a long-term mechanism for advancing corporate culture. In 2004, it established a dedicated
               institution, the Corporate Culture Centre, to coordinate and promote related initiatives. This has shaped a corporate
               culture development model characterised by “management commitment, systematic advancement, integration
               with business practices, and joint participation across the Bank”. Through this model, the Company has built,
               enriched and developed a vibrant and distinctive CMB cultural system, encompassing an entrepreneurial culture of
               “striving spirit and dedication”, a service culture of “We are here just for you”, an innovative culture that honours
               “pioneering spirit”, a risk culture prioritising “stability and prudence”, a compliance culture of “abiding by laws and
               regulations”, a management culture of “rigour and standardisation”, a people-oriented culture of “respect, care,
               and sharing”, and an integrity culture of “openness, integration, equality and inclusiveness”.

               During the reporting period, the Company continued to strengthen the cultural leadership of management at
               all levels. Heads of institutions from the Head Office, branches, and sub-branches took turns serving as “Lobby
               Managers” at business halls, promoting excellent traditions and putting the service culture into practice. In addition,
               executives from 44 province-level branches delivered themed lectures on culture, strategy, risk, and compliance,
               providing in-depth interpretations of the CMB’s corporate culture. The Company continued to make full use of
               its communication platforms to enhance their influence. Through channels such as CMB e-News (‫ם‬ვeజ), CMB
               WeChat Journal (‫ם‬Бฆ̊), China Merchants Bank Historical Exhibition Hall, and Culture Walls, the Company
               achieved comprehensive coverage and multi-dimensional promotion of its corporate culture. The Company continued
               to organise a variety of cultural activities. For 21 consecutive years, it has held the Corporate Culture Festival,
               featuring employee-favourite events such as “President Serving in the Lobby”, the collective tree-planting campaign
               “CMB Centennial Forest”, and Family Open Days. The Company continued to cultivate exemplary role models by
               identifying and promoting outstanding individuals and stories from its business practices. The “My Story” column
               in the CMB e-News has garnered over 700,000 views. Furthermore, the Company held recognition ceremonies
               under its honour system to consolidate employees’ shared sense of cultural identity across the Bank. The Company
               continued to conduct cultural training by integrating corporate culture into the Bank’s overall training system. It also
               organised empowerment initiatives such as “on-site training”.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter IV Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)                                           101

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4.4.3 Corporate conduct

          The Company has established and refined a segmentation and classification-based business ethics training
          system that covers all employees. It has also coordinated participation of members of the Board of Directors and
          senior management in specialised training programs organised by institutions such as the Central Commission
          for Discipline Inspection and the National Supervisory Commission, financial regulatory authorities, and industry
          self-regulatory organisations. These efforts ensure that they stay up to date with the latest regulatory policies
          and legal requirements, thereby continuously enhancing their performance capabilities. The Company carries out
          regular training programs on anti-corruption systems, warning education, and other business ethics topics for all
          regular employees, labour dispatch employees, and part-time staff. These include specialised seminars on warning
          education, screenings of warning education videos, and study sessions on typical cases. Furthermore, for employees
          in key business areas and critical positions, the Company compiles compliance education handbooks and conducts
          targeted warning education campaigns. During the reporting period, the Company conducted 2,729 anti-corruption
          training sessions, reaching a total of 380,300 participants. All members of the Board of Directors participated in
          training sessions on anti-commercial bribery and anti-corruption.

          The Company places great emphasis on the supervision and management of business ethics. It has established
          institutional regulations such as the “China Merchants Bank Abnormal Employee Behaviour Management Measures
         ( ‫ם‬ਠვБࡰʈମ੬Б‫މ‬၍ଣ፬‫”)ج‬. Through initiatives such as abnormal behaviour screening and pre-departure
          due diligence, the Company continuously strengthens monitoring of employees’ abnormal behaviour and proposes
          recommendations for accountability and disciplinary actions. The Company has also improved its anti-corruption
          and anti-bribery oversight mechanisms, maintaining a “zero tolerance” stance towards all forms of bribery and
          corruption. Furthermore, the Company has enhanced its whistleblowing and grievance reporting system by setting
          up both online and offline anonymous reporting channels to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of
          whistleblowers.
Integrating distinctive
advantages to deepen
comprehensive operations
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                                         103

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Corporate Governance

5.1 Corporate Governance Structure

                                                                                                    Shareholders’ Meeting

                          Strategy and Sustainable
                         Development Committee

Nomination Committee                                        Board of Directors

Remuneration and Appraisal                                  Executive Ofﬁce of                                                           Assets and Liabilities
          Committee                                              President                                                            Management Committee

      Risk and Capital                                                                                                                  Risk and Compliance
Management Committee                                                                                                                  Management Committee

              Audit Committee                                                                                                 Anti-money Laundering, Sanction and
                                                                                                                               Compliance Management Committee
  Related Party Transactions Management
and Consumer Rights Protection Committee                                                                                             IT Management Committee

Shanghai Audit Division                                       Beijing Audit Division                                       Business Continuity Management Committee
Shenzhen Audit Division                                       Xi’an Audit Division
                                                                                                                                     Digital Finance Committee

                                          Audit Department

 Nanjing Audit Division                                        Wuhan Audit Division
Shenyang Audit Division                                       Chengdu Audit Division
                                                               Fuzhou Audit Division

5.2 Overview of Corporate Governance

          During the reporting period, the Shareholders’ Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the
          special committees under the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors of the Company fulfilled their duties,
          functioned in an efficient manner, fully secured the compliant and prudent operation of the Company and ensured
          sustainable and healthy development of the Company.

          During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 Shareholders’ Meeting, reviewed 13 proposals and heard 6
          reports, as further described in section 5.3 “Information about Shareholders’ Meetings”.

          During the reporting period, the Company convened 18 meetings of the Board of Directors, reviewed 106 proposals
          and heard 22 reports; convened 41 meetings of special committees under the Board of Directors, reviewed 132
          proposals and heard 29 reports; convened 1 meeting of the Chairman and Independent Directors, at which 1 report
          was heard; convened 2 special meetings of Independent Directors and reviewed 3 proposals. During the reporting
          period, the Board of Directors of the Company focused on reviewing the Company’s annual financial report, profit
          appropriation plan, strategic implementation report, comprehensive risk report, risk preference implementation
          report, the third pillar report, human resources management and talent strategy implementation report, work report
          of the Board of Directors, performance of duties evaluation report of the Board of Directors and its members, work
          report of the President, the report on development of inclusive finance and its work plan, data governance work
          summary and work plan, related party transactions report, the report on consumer rights protection and its strategic
          implementation, sustainable development report and other relevant proposals.
104  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     During the reporting period, the Company convened 11 meetings of the Board of Supervisors, at which 41 proposals
     were reviewed and 28 reports were heard; and 4 meetings of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors,
     at which 8 proposals were reviewed. During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors has proactively and
     effectively carried out supervision on the financial activities, internal control, risk management, lawful operation as
     well as the duty performance of the Board of Directors and the senior management of the Company pursuant to
     the supervisory duties delegated by the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Articles of Association
     and relevant regulatory authorities. Among the Directors and senior management of the Company, no violation of
     relevant laws, regulations or the Articles of Association or actions detrimental to the interests of the Company and
     shareholders were found when performing their duties.

     During the reporting period, the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company considered and approved the
     “Resolution regarding the Amendments to the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and the
     “Resolution regarding Cancellation of the Board of Supervisors”, and the Articles of Association of China Merchants
     Bank Co., Ltd. (2025 Revision) were approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration and came into
     effect. From 18 December 2025, in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association, the Company shall cease
     to have the Board of Supervisors, and the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors shall take over the original
     functions and powers of the Board of Supervisors as stipulated by laws and regulations.

     Having conducted thorough self-inspection, the Company was not aware of any material non-compliance of its
     corporate governance practice with laws, administrative regulations and the requirements of the CSRC regarding the
     corporate governance of listed companies during the reporting period.

     For details of the proposals reviewed by the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, please
     refer to the disclosure documents including the announcements on resolutions published by the Company on the
     websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.

     5.3 Information about Shareholders’ Meetings

               During the reporting period, the Company convened one Shareholders’ Meeting, namely the 2024 Annual General
               Meeting held in Shenzhen on 25 June 2025. The notice, convening, holding and voting procedures of the meeting
               were all in compliance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Articles of Association of China
               Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and other relevant regulations. The meeting reviewed and
               approved 13 proposals, including the 2024 Work Report of the Board of Directors, the 2024 Work Report of the
               Board of Supervisors, the 2024 Annual Report (including the audited financial report), the 2024 Financial Statement
               Report, the 2024 Profit Appropriation Plan (including the declaration of the final dividends), the 2025 Interim Profit
               Appropriation Plan, the Capital Management Plan for 2025-2029, the appointment of accounting firm for the year
               2025, the election of the Directors of the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors, the dissolution of the Board
               of Supervisors, the amendment of the Articles of Association and the Related Party Transactions Report for 2024.
               For the relevant details of the proposals reviewed at the meeting, please refer to the 2024 Annual General Meeting
               documents, meeting circulars and the announcement of meeting resolutions and other disclosure documents
               published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
               and the Company.

     5.4 Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

                                                                                                                  Total

                                                                                                                  remuneration Whether or

                                                                                                                  before tax not received

                                                                                                                  received from remuneration

                                                                                                                  the Company  from the

                                                                                        Shareholding              during the Company’s

                                                                                        at the Shareholding reporting related parties

                                                                                        beginning of at the end period (RMB during the

                                   Date of                                              the period of the period  in ten reporting
                                   Birth (Y/M)
     Name          Gender          1965.1       Title                   Term of office  (share)       (share) thousand)        period
     Miao Jianmin  Male
                                   1967.9       Chairman                2020.9-2028.6   –             –           –            Yes
     Shi Dai       Female          1965.12      Non-Executive Director  2020.9-2028.6
     Wang Liang    Male                         Non-Executive Director  2024.8-2028.6   –             –           –            Yes
                                                Executive Director      2019.8-2028.6
                                                President and Chief     2022.6-2028.6   300,000       300,000     297.05       No

                                                  Executive Officer
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                105

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

                                                                                                                Total

                                                                                                                remuneration Whether or

                                                                                                                before tax not received

                                                                                                                received from remuneration

                                                                                                                the Company  from the

                                                                                      Shareholding              during the Company’s

                                                                                      at the Shareholding reporting related parties

                                                                                      beginning of at the end period (RMB during the

                              Date of                                                 the period of the period  in ten reporting
                              Birth (Y/M)
Name            Gender        1970.2       Title                 Term of office       (share)       (share) thousand)        period
Deng Renjie     Male          1967.12
Jiang Chaoyang  Male          1971.8       Non-Executive Director 2025.10-2028.6      –             –           –            Yes
Zhu Eric Liwei  Male          1969.8
Huang Jian      Male          1974.10      Non-Executive Director 2025.10-2028.6      192,400       144,300     –            Yes
Ma Xianghui     Male          1967.7
Zhong Desheng   Male          1957.5       Non-Executive Director 2025.1-2028.6       –             –           –            Yes
Tian Hongqi     Male          1958.9
Li Chaoxian     Male          1968.11      Non-Executive Director 2025.3-2028.6       –             –           –            Yes
Shi Yongdong    Male          1953.9
Li Jian         Female        1949.12      Non-Executive Director 2025.12-2028.6      –             –           –            Yes
Wong Yuk Shan   Male          1955.10
Lu Liping       Male          1972.3       Executive Director    2024.12-2028.6       177,300       177,300     282.60       No
Zhao Weipeng    Male          1972.11
Wang Ying       Female        1969.5       Former Chief Risk Officer 2024.12-2025.10
Peng Jiawen     Male
                              1974.9       Independent Non-      2019.8-(Note 1)      –             –           48.50        No
Lei Caihua      Male          1968.9
Xu Mingjie      Male          1974.12      Executive Director
Cui Jiakun      Male          1976.11
Wang Xinghai    Male          1967.12      Independent Non-      2021.8-(Note 2)      –             –           48.50        No
Zhou Tianhong   Male          1965.8
Sun Yunfei      Male          1964.10      Executive Director
Zhang Jian      Male          1974.12
Chen Dong       Male          1972.12      Independent Non-      2021.8-(Note 2)      –             –           48.50        No
Zhu Jiangtao    Male
                              1967.4       Executive Director
Li Menggang     Male          1970.5
Liu Qiao        Male          1970.9       Independent Non-      2024.11-2028.6       –             –           48.50        No
Luo Sheng       Male          1968.2
Li Jinming      Male                       Executive Director

                                           Independent Non-      2025.12-2028.6       –             –           0.25         No

                                           Executive Director

                                           Independent Non-      2025.12-2028.6       –             –           0.13         No

                                           Executive Director

                                           Secretary of the Party 2023.8-present      56,800        56,800      281.41       No

                                           Discipline Committee

                                           Executive Vice President 2023.11-2028.6    230,000       230,000     282.60       No

                                           Executive Vice President 2023.11-2028.6    221,900       221,900     282.60       No

                                           Chief Financial Officer 2023.2-2028.6

                                           Secretary of the Board of 2023.6-2028.6

                                           Directors

                                           Executive Vice President 2025.5-2028.6     264,400       264,400     284.69       No

                                           Executive Vice President 2025.6-2028.6     200,000       200,000     281.20       No

                                           Chief Risk Officer    2026.1-2028.6

                                           Executive Assistant   2025.12-present      196,800       –           4.39         No

                                           President

                                           Executive Assistant   2025.12-present      187,700       175,000     4.32         No

                                           President

                                           Chief Information Officer 2024.12-2028.6   204,300       204,300     251.00       No

                                           Former Non-Executive 2022.10-2025.12       –             –           –            Yes

                                           Director

                                           Former Non-Executive 2016.11-2025.2        –             –           –            Yes

                                           Director

                                           Former Non-Executive 2022.10-2025.3        –             –           –            Yes

                                           Director

                                           Former Executive Director 2023.8-2025.5    198,800       149,100     116.71       No

                                           Former Executive Vice 2021.9-2025.5

                                           President

                                           Former Independent Non- 2018.11-2025.12    –             –           48.25        No

                                           Executive Director

                                           Former Independent Non- 2018.11-2025.12    –             –           48.37        No

                                           Executive Director

                                           Former Shareholder    2022.6-2025.3        –             –           –            Yes

                                           Supervisor

                                           Former Shareholder    2024.6-2025.12       –             –           –            Yes

                                           Supervisor
106  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

                                                                                                                                   Total

                                                                                                                 remuneration Whether or

                                                                                                                                   before tax not received

                                                                                                                 received from remuneration

                                                                                                                 the Company                       from the

                                                                                       Shareholding                                during the Company’s

                                                                                       at the Shareholding reporting related parties

                                                                                       beginning of at the end period (RMB during the

                                   Date of                                             the period of the period                    in ten reporting
                                   Birth (Y/M)
     Name           Gender         1976.8       Title                  Term of office  (share)       (share) thousand)                             period
     Wu Heng        Male           1955.9                              2016.6-2025.12
     Xu Zhengjun    Male           1954.12      Former Shareholder     2019.6-2025.6   –             –                             –               Yes
     Cai Hongping   Male           1963.12        Supervisor           2022.6-2025.12
     Zhang Xiang    Male           1970.7                              2022.6-2025.12  –             –                             19.44           No
     Cai Jin        Female         1970.10      Former External        2021.12-2025.6
     Cao Jian       Male           1972.8         Supervisor           2023.3-2025.12  –             –                             38.49           No
     Yang Sheng     Male           1971.10                             2023.6-2025.12
     Wang Xiaoqing  Male                        Former External        2023.7-2025.8   –             –                             38.49           No
                                                  Supervisor
                                                                                       169,550       169,550                       75.65           No
                                                Former External
                                                  Supervisor                           158,400       158,400                       180.79          No

                                                Former Employee                        197,700       197,700                       181.34          No
                                                  Supervisor
                                                                                       62,000        62,000                        174.22          No
                                                Former Employee
                                                  Supervisor

                                                Former Employee
                                                  Supervisor

                                                Former Executive Vice
                                                  President

     Notes:

     (1) Mr. Tian Hongqi has tendered his resignation as an Independent Non-Executive Director to the Board of Directors of the Company due to expiry of
           his term of office. In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and the relevant requirements of the Articles of Association of the Company,
           his resignation will become effective upon the approval of the qualification of the new Independent Non-Executive Director by the National
           Financial Regulatory Administration to fill the vacancy.

     (2) According to the “Measures for Administration of Independent Directors of Listed Companies”, the term of office of Independent Directors shall
           not exceed six years. Therefore, the actual term of office of the Independent Directors, Mr. Li Chaoxian and Mr. Shi Yongdong, will expire earlier
           than the expiry of the term of the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company.

     (3) The remuneration received by the Directors and senior management who were newly appointed or resigned during the reporting period was
           calculated based on the length of their terms of office as the Directors and senior management of the Company during the reporting period.

     (4) The aggregate pre-tax remuneration received by all Directors and senior management from the Company during the reporting period amounted
           to RMB28.3379 million. The aggregate pre-tax remuneration of full-time Executive Directors and senior management of the Company is still being
           verified. The remaining part will be disclosed separately upon the completion of confirmation and payment.

     (5) As at the end of the reporting period, the spouse of Mr. Yang Sheng held 143,300 A Shares in the Company; and Ms. Cai Jin held 169,550 shares
           in the Company, which consisted of 165,000 A Shares and 4,550 H Shares. The shares held by others listed in the above table were all A Shares
           of the Company. The changes in the shareholding of the people listed in the above table during the reporting period were all resulting from
           shareholding reduction outside their tenure.

     (6) None of the people listed in the above table has been punished by the securities regulator(s) over the past three years.

     (7) None of the people listed in the above table has held any share options of the Company or has been granted any of its restricted shares.

     (8) Non-Executive Directors are Shareholder Directors.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                    107

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

5.4.1 New appointment and resignation of Directors, Supervisors and senior
       management

          Directors

          In January 2025, the qualification of Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei as the Director was approved by the National Financial
          Regulatory Administration (NFRA).

          In February 2025, Mr. Zhang Jian ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of
          work arrangement.

          In March 2025, the qualification of Mr. Huang Jian as the Director was approved by the NFRA, and Mr. Chen Dong
          ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work arrangement.

          In May 2025, Mr. Zhu Jiangtao ceased to be the Executive Director of the Company due to the work arrangement.

          In June 2025, according to the resolutions passed at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Mr. Deng
          Renjie, Mr. Jiang Chaoyang and Mr. Ma Xianghui were elected as the Non-Executive Directors of the Company,
          and their qualifications as the Directors were approved by the NFRA in October 2025, October 2025 and December
          2025, respectively. Mr. Wong Yuk Shan and Mr. Lu Liping were elected as the Independent Non-Executive Directors
          of the Company, and their qualifications as the Independent Directors were approved by the NFRA in December
          2025.

          In December 2025, Mr. Sun Yunfei ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to his age, and Mr.
          Li Menggang and Mr. Liu Qiao ceased to be the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company due to the
          expiry of their terms of office.

          Supervisors

          In March 2025, Mr. Luo Sheng ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to personal work
          arrangement.

          In June 2025, Mr. Xu Zhengjun ceased to be the External Supervisor of the Company due to the expiry of his term
          of office. Ms. Cai Jin ceased to be the Employee Supervisor of the Company due to her age.

          In December 2025, the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (2025 Revision) were approved by
          the National Financial Regulatory Administration and came into effect. In accordance with the Company’s Articles of
          Association, the Company shall cease to have the Board of Supervisors, and Mr. Li Jinming, Mr. Wu Heng, Mr. Cai
          Hongping, Mr. Zhang Xiang, Mr. Cao Jian and Mr. Yang Sheng ceased to be the Supervisors of the Company.

          Senior management

          In May 2025, Mr. Zhu Jiangtao ceased to be the Executive Vice President of the Company due to work arrangement,
          and the qualification of Mr. Lei Caihua as the Executive Vice President was approved by the NFRA.

          In June 2025, the qualification of Mr. Xu Mingjie as the Executive Vice President was approved by the NFRA.

          In August 2025, Mr. Wang Xiaoqing ceased to be the Executive Vice President of the Company due to work
          arrangement.

          In October 2025, Mr. Zhong Desheng ceased to be the Chief Risk Officer of the Company due to work arrangement.
          The appointment of Mr. Xu Mingjie as the Chief Risk Officer of the Company was approved at the 7th meeting of
          the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company, and his qualification as the Chief Risk Officer was
          approved by the NFRA in January 2026.

          In December 2025, the qualifications of Mr. Cui Jiakun and Mr. Wang Xinghai as the Executive Assistant Presidents
          were approved by the NFRA.

          For details of the new appointment and resignation of Directors, Supervisors and senior management, please refer
          to the relevant announcements published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong
          Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company.
108  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     5.4.2 Changes in information of Directors

               1. Mr. Miao Jianmin ceased to concurrently serve as the Chairman of China Merchants Life Insurance Company
                         Limited.

               2. Ms. Shi Dai concurrently serves as the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.

               3. Mr. Jiang Chaoyang concurrently serves as the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Capital Investment Co.,
                         Ltd.

               4. Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei ceased to concurrently serve as the Supervisor of China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. (a
                         company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange).

               5. Mr. Zhong Desheng ceased to concurrently serve as the Chief Risk Officer of the Company and the Chairman
                         of CMB Financial Leasing.

     5.4.3 Current positions held by Directors in the shareholders’ companies

     Name                  Name of company             Major title                                        Term of office
     Miao Jianmin                                      Chairman                           From July 2020 up to now
     Shi Dai               China Merchants Group Ltd.  Director and General Manager  From October 2023 up to now
     Deng Renjie                                       Deputy General Manager          From March 2015 up to now
     Jiang Chaoyang        China Merchants Group Ltd.  Deputy General Manager             From July 2025 up to now

     Zhu Eric Liwei        China Merchants Group Ltd.  Deputy General Manager        From September 2022 up to
                                                                                                                      now
     Huang Jian            China Merchants Financial   General Manager of Capital
                              Holdings Co., Ltd.          Operation Department       From September 2016 up to
     Ma Xianghui                                                                                                      now
                           China Merchants Financial   General Manager of Financial
                              Holdings Co., Ltd.          Management Division         From May 2024 up to now

                           China COSCO Shipping
                              Corporation Limited

                           China COSCO Shipping
                              Corporation Limited

     5.4.4 Biography and positions of Directors and senior management

               Directors

               Mr. Miao Jianmin is the Chairman and a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Miao obtained a doctoral
               degree in Economics from Central University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree from the Research
               Institute of the People’s Bank of China, and is a senior economist. He is an alternate member of the nineteenth
               and twentieth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. Mr. Miao is the Chairman of China Merchants
               Group Ltd. and concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. Mr. Miao was
               an Executive Director and the Deputy General Manager of China Insurance (Group) Limited Company in Hong Kong,
               the Vice Chairman and President of China Life Insurance (Group) Company, the Chairman of The People’s Insurance
               Company (Group) of China Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman of PICC
               Property and Casualty Company Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and the Chairman of
               China Merchants Life Insurance Company Limited.

               Ms. Shi Dai is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. Ms. Shi obtained an MBA degree from China Europe
               International Business School. She is a senior economist. She currently serves as a Director and the General Manager
               of China Merchants Group Limited. She concurrently serves as the Vice Chairman of China Merchants Financial
               Holdings Co., Ltd. She served as the Deputy General Manager of Sinochem Group, the Vice Chairperson of All-China
               Federation of Trade Unions and concurrently the Vice Chairperson of All-China Women’s Federation, a member of
               the Standing Committee and the head of the Organisation Department of the CPC Ningxia Committee, and the
               Dean of the Party School of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region (Ningxia School of Administration).

               Mr. Wang Liang is an Executive Director, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Wang
               obtained a master’s degree in Economics from Renmin University of China. He is a senior economist. He joined the
               Company in June 1995 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager, Deputy General Manager and
               General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company. He successively served as the Executive Assistant President,
               Executive Vice President and First Executive Vice President of the Company since June 2012, and started to preside
               over overall business of the Company since 18 April 2022. He has been the President of the Company since 15 June
               2022. He concurrently serves as the Company’s authorised representative in charge of matters in relation to listing
               in Hong Kong, the Chairman of CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited, the Chairman of CMB
               International Capital Corporation Limited, Chairman of CMB Wing Lung Bank, Vice Chairman of Merchants Union
               Consumer Finance Company Limited, Director of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., the Vice Chairman
               (Council Member) of the Standing Council of the China Banking Association Council, a Director of the Fourth
               Session of the Professional Committee for Intermediate Business of China Banking Association and Executive Director
               of the Sixth Session of the Financial Accounting Society of China, and a Deputy of the 14th Guangdong Provincial
               People’s Congress. He had served as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary of the Board of Directors, and Company
               Secretary of the Company.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                         109

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Mr. Deng Renjie is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in International Law
from Dalian Maritime University. He currently serves as the Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Group
Ltd., and concurrently serves as the Chairman of China Merchants Innovation & Technology (Group) Co., Ltd., the
Chairman of China Merchants Testing Technology Holdings Co., Ltd., the Chairman of China Merchants Innovative
Investment Management Co., Ltd. and the Director of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. He served as
the Assistant General Manager and Director of Administration Department of China Merchants Group Ltd., and
concurrently served as the Chairman of China Merchants Expressway Network & Technology Holdings Co., Ltd. (a
company listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), the Chairman of China Merchants Port Group Co., Ltd. (a company
listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange), the Chairman of the Board of China Merchants Port Holdings Company Limited
(a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the Chairman of Liaoning Port Group Limited, the Chairman
of China Merchants Industry Holdings Co., Ltd. and the Chairman of China Merchants Ping An Asset Management
Co., Ltd.

Mr. Jiang Chaoyang is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in Management
Sciences from Shanghai Jiao Tong University and is a senior economist. He is currently the Deputy General Manager
of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. He concurrently serves as the Vice Chairman of China Merchants
Capital Investment Co., Ltd. He served as General Manager of Strategic Customers Department of the Head
Office, General Manager of Retail Network Banking Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Wealth
Management Department of the Head Office, director of the Fintech Office of the Head Office and the Chief
Information Officer of China Merchants Bank, and the director of Digital Centre of China Merchants Group Ltd.

Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in International
Business Administration from Schulich School of Business of York University in Canada. He currently serves as the
Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. He concurrently serves as the Chairman
of the Board of Directors of CMB Wing Lung Insurance Company Limited, the Chairman of CM Houlder Insurance
Brokers Limited and the Chairman of Shenzhen Yintong Zhihui Information Service Co., Ltd. (ଉέ̹ვஷ౽ි‫ࢹڦ‬
‫؂‬ਕϞࠢʮ̡). He served as the Assistant Director of the Finance Department of Lenovo Group Limited, the Senior
Manager of the Performance Reform Department of PricewaterhouseCoopers, the Assistant General Manager and
Deputy General Manager of China Merchants Finance Holdings Co., Ltd., a Member (Executive) of the Executive
Committee of the China Merchants Financial Group/Platform, and the Director and Supervisor of China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange).

Mr. Huang Jian is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in Business
Administration from Beijing Institute of Technology and is a senior accountant. He currently serves as the General
Manager of the Capital Operation Department of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited. He concurrently
serves as a Director of COSCO SHIPPING Captive Insurance Co., Ltd., a Non-Executive Director of China Merchants
Securities Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), a
Non-Executive Director of SAIC Motor Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange), and
a Director of Lanhai Medical Investment Co., Ltd. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of COSCO Americas Inc.,
the Deputy General Manager of the Financial Department of China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company, the Deputy
General Manager of the Capital Operation Department of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited, etc.

Mr. Ma Xianghui is a Non-Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in Investment
Economics from China School of Banking and Finance and a master’s degree in International Trade from University of
International Business and Economics. He is a senior accountant and a Fellow of the Chartered Certified Accountants
(FCCA). He currently serves as the General Manager of Financial Management Division of China COSCO Shipping
Corporation Limited and the Chairman of COSCO SHIPPING Finance Company Limited, and concurrently serves as
a Director of COSCO SHIPPING Specialized Carriers Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange),
a Director of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), a Director of
COSCO SHIPPING International (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and
a Director of China State-owned Enterprise Mixed Ownership Reform Fund Co., Ltd. He successively served as the
Deputy General Manager of Capital Operation Division of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited, the Deputy
General Manager of COSCO SHIPPING (Hong Kong) Co., Limited, the Deputy General Manager of COSCO SHIPPING
International (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and a Director of Qilu
Expressway Company Limited (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange).

Mr. Zhong Desheng is an Executive Director of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in the History of
Foreign Economic Thoughts from Huazhong University of Science and Technology and is a senior economist. He
joined the Company in July 1993 and successively served as the Assistant General Manager and Deputy General
Manager of Wuhan Branch, the General Manager of International Business Department of the Head Office,
the General Manager of Trade Finance Department of the Head Office and the General Manager of Offshore
Finance Centre of the Head Office, the General Manager of Guangzhou Branch, the President of the General
Office of Corporate Finance of the Head Office and concurrently the General Manager of the Strategic Customers
Department, the Executive Assistant President of the Company and the Executive Vice President of the Company. He
concurrently served as the Chief Risk Officer of the Company and the Chairman of CMB Financial Leasing.
110  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Mr. Tian Hongqi is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Tian obtained a bachelor’s degree
     in Waterway Finance and Accounting from Shanghai Maritime University, and is a senior accountant. He previously
     served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Information Officer of COSCO SHIPPING Bulk Co., Ltd., the General
     Manager of the Finance Department of COSCO Container Lines Co., Ltd., the Director and the General Manager of
     the Financial Department of COSCO Japan, the Chief Financial Officer of COSCO Holdings (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (ʕ
     Ⴣછٰ(อ̋ս)Ϟࠢʮ̡), the General Manager of the Finance Department of the COSCO Container Transportation
     Operation Headquarters (ʕჃණༀᇌ༶፩຾ᐄᐼ௅), and the Deputy Director of the Finance Department of COSCO.
     He concurrently served as an Independent Director of Nanjing Tanker Corporation under China Merchants Group (‫ם‬
     ਠ҅‫ی‬ԯ‫ذ‬༶ٰ΅Ϟࠢʮ̡, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange).

     Mr. Li Chaoxian is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Li obtained a doctoral degree in
     Industrial Economics and a master’s degree in Statistics from Renmin University of China, respectively. He is currently
     a professor and doctoral supervisor of Beijing Technology and Business University. He concurrently serves as an
     Independent Director of China World Trade Center Company Limited (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
     Exchange). He served as the Deputy Director and Director of the Finance Department of Beijing Business School,
     Deputy Dean and Dean of the School of Economics of Beijing Technology and Business University, Chief of the
     Academic Affairs Office of Beijing Technology and Business University, Vice President of Beijing Technology and
     Business University, and an Independent Director of Beijing HuaDaJianYe Engineering Management Co., Ltd. (̏ԯശ
     ༺‫ุܔ‬ʈ೻၍ଣٰ΅Ϟࠢʮ̡) (a company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations).

     Mr. Shi Yongdong is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Shi obtained a doctoral degree
     in Economics from Dongbei University of Finance and Economics and a master’s degree in Applied Mathematics from
     Jilin University. He is a leading talent of the national high-level special support plan, one of the National Cultural
     Masters (Ό਷˖ʷΤ࢕) and the “Four Batches”(̬ࡈɓҭ) Talents, and the chief expert of the major projects under
     the National Social Science Fund of China. He is currently the Dean, a Professor and a Doctoral Supervisor of the
     School of Finance and Technology of Dongbei University of Finance and Economics, and concurrently serves as a
     council member of China Finance Society, and a standing council member of the Chinese Finance Annual Meeting
     (ʕ਷‫ږ‬ፄኪϋึ), the Chinese Financial Projects Annual Meeting (ʕ਷‫ږ‬ፄʈ೻ኪϋึ), and the International
     Symposium on Financial Systems Engineering and Risk Management (‫ږ‬ፄӻ୕ʈ೻ၾࠬᎈ၍ଣ਷ყϋึ). He served
     as the Deputy Dean of the School of Finance, the Director of the Applied Finance Research Centre, the Chief of the
     scientific research department and the Dean of the School of Applied Finance and Behavioural Sciences in Dongbei
     University of Finance and Economics, an Independent Director of Dalian Huarui Heavy Industry Group Co., Ltd. (a
     company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange), and an Independent Director of Bank of Anshan Co., Ltd.

     Ms. Li Jian is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. She holds a doctorate degree in Economics.
     She currently serves as a professor of the School of Finance and a doctoral supervisor at the Central University of
     Finance and Economics. She concurrently serves as a council member of China Society for Finance and Banking
     and an Independent Director of Schroders BOCOM Wealth Management Co., Ltd. She concurrently served as the
     Director of the Consultative Committee for Economics Teaching in Vocational Schools and Junior Colleges under the
     Ministry of Education, the Deputy Director of the Consultative Committee for Teaching of Undergraduate Program in
     Finance under the Ministry of Education, an Independent Director of CITIC Securities Company Limited (a company
     listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), an Independent Director of Bank of
     Beijing Co., Ltd., an Independent Director of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai
     Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) and an Independent Director of PICC Life Insurance Company
     Limited, etc.

     Mr. Wong Yuk Shan is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. He holds a doctorate degree
     in Biochemistry from McGill University. He currently serves as the Emeritus President of Hong Kong Metropolitan
     University, the Vice Chairman of the Hong Kong Basic Law Committee of the Standing Committee of National
     People’s Congress, the Chairman of the Chinese Occupational Education Association of Hong Kong, the Governor
     of Our Hong Kong Foundation, the Chairman of the Civil Service Training Advisory Board of the Government of the
     HKSAR. He used to serve as the Vice President of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, the Vice
     President of the City University of Hong Kong, the President of the Open University of Hong Kong (currently known
     as Hong Kong Metropolitan University), the 11th to 13th Hong Kong SAR Deputy for the National People’s Congress
     of China. He also served as the Deputy Chairman of Hong Kong Advisory Council on the Environment, the Chairman
     of the Hong Kong Veterinary Surgeons Board, the Chairman of the Hong Kong Consumer Council, the Chairman
     of the Hong Kong Research Grants Council, the Chairman of the Society of Hong Kong Scholars, and the Vice
     Chairman of the Federation of Fujian Associations of Hong Kong.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                          111

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Mr. Lu Liping is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. He holds a doctorate degree in Economics
from Peking University. He currently serves as a professor of economics at Beijing National Accounting Institute. He
serves concurrently as an External Director of Beijing Huafang Investment Company Limited, an External Director of
Beijing Financial Street Investment (Group) Co., Ltd and an Independent Director of Jiangxi Special Electric Motor
Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He used to serve as a Member of the Academic
Committee, the Head of the Finance Department and the Director of the Capital Operation Research Institute of
Beijing National Accounting Institute, an Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of China
Foreign Economy and Trade Trust Co., Ltd., an External Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Tianjin
Teda Group Co., Ltd., an External Director of Tianjin Zhonghuan Electronic Information (Group) Co., Ltd. and an
External Director of Tianjin Jinzhi State-owned Assets Capital Investment Operation Co., Ltd.

Senior management

Mr. Wang Liang, please refer to Mr. Wang Liang’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.

Mr. Zhong Desheng, please refer to Mr. Zhong Desheng’s biography under the heading of “Directors” above.

Mr. Zhao Weipeng is the Secretary of the Party Discipline Commission of the Company. Mr. Zhao holds a
master’s degree in Management and is a senior accountant and a non-practicing member of Chinese Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. He successively served as the Manager of Finance Department of China Merchants
Shipping and Enterprises Company Limited, the Manager of Planning and Finance Department of Hong Kong
Ming Wah Shipping Company Limited, the Chief Financial Officer, Deputy General Manager, Secretary of the Party
Discipline Commission, and Deputy Secretary to the Party Committee of China Merchants Zhangzhou Development
Zone Company Limited, Secretary of the Party Discipline Commission, Deputy Secretary to the Party Committee
and Executive Deputy Director of the Management Committee of Zhangzhou China Merchants Economic and
Technological Development Zone, Secretary to the Party Committee and General Manager of China Merchants
Taipingwan Development & Investment Company Limited, Deputy General Manager (General Manager Level) of
Finance Department (Property Rights Department) of China Merchants Group Ltd., Secretary to the Party committee
and General Manager of China Merchants Group Finance Co., Ltd. He has been the Secretary of the Party Discipline
Commission of the Company since August 2023.

Ms. Wang Ying is an Executive Vice President of the Company. She obtained a master’s degree in Political
Economics from Nanjing University and is an economist. She joined the Company in January 1997, successively
served as the Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of Beijing Branch, General Manager of
Tianjin Branch, General Manager of Shenzhen Branch and the Executive Assistant President of the Company, and
has been serving as an Executive Vice President of the Company since November 2023. She concurrently serves as
the Chairman of CMFM, the Chairman of CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance and the Chairman of CIGNA & CMAM.

Mr. Peng Jiawen is an Executive Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Board of
Directors of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in National Economic Planning from Zhongnan University
of Economics and Law and is a professorate senior economist. He joined the Company in September 2001, and
successively served as an Assistant General Manager and Deputy General Manager of the Planning and Finance
Department of the Head Office, Deputy General Manager and General Manager of the Overall Retail Management
Department of the Head Office, Deputy General Manager and Vice President of the General Office of Retail Finance
of the Head Office, Vice President of the General Office of Retail Finance of the Head Office and concurrently
General Manager of Retail Credit Business Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Zhengzhou Branch,
General Manager of Asset and Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office and the Executive Assistant
President of the Company. He has served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since November 2023, and
concurrently serves as the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company.

Mr. Lei Caihua is an Executive Vice President of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in Investment
Economics from Huazhong University of Science and Technology, a master’s degree in National Economics from
Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, and is an economist. He joined the Company in July 1995, and
successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Corporate Banking Department and concurrently the
General Manager of SME Finance Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Corporate Finance Product
Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Strategic Customers Department of the Head Office, General
Manager of Small Enterprise Finance Department of the Head Office, the General Manager of Chongqing Branch,
Head of Topology Bank Preparatory Team, the General Manager of Shanghai Branch, and Executive Assistant
President of the Company. Since May 2025, he has served as an Executive Vice President of the Company, and
concurrently serves as the Chairman of CMB Investment and the Chairman of CMB Financial Leasing.
112  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Mr. Xu Mingjie is an Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s
     degree in Engineering from Xi’an Jiaotong University and a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Shanghai University
     of International Business and Economics, and is a chartered certified accountant. He joined the Company in
     September 1995, successively served as the Assistant General Manager of Corporate Finance Product Department of
     the Head Office, Assistant General Manager of Investment Banking Department of the Head Office, Deputy General
     Manager of Investment Banking Department of the Head Office, General Manager of Credit Approval Department of
     the Head Office, General Manager of Risk Management Department of the Head Office and an Executive Assistant
     President of the Company, and concurrently served as the General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company. He
     has served as an Executive Vice President of the Company since June 2025 and concurrently serves as the Chief Risk
     Officer of the Company.

     Mr. Cui Jiakun is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in Economics
     from Nanjing Agricultural University and an MBA degree from China Europe International Business School, and is
     an economist. He joined the Company in June 2000, and successively served as the Deputy General Manager of
     Shanghai Branch, the General Manager of Suzhou Branch and the General Manager of Guangzhou Branch. Since
     December 2025, he has served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company, and concurrently serves as the
     General Manager of Beijing Branch of the Company.

     Mr. Wang Xinghai is an Executive Assistant President of the Company. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in
     Economics with a major in International Enterprise Management from Capital University of Economics and Business.
     He joined the Company in July 1999, and successively served as the Deputy General Manager of Beijing Branch, the
     General Manager of the Institutional Customers Department of the Head Office, the General Manager of the Pension
     Finance Department of the Head Office and the Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Shenzhen
     Branch. Since December 2025, he has served as an Executive Assistant President of the Company, and concurrently
     serves as the General Manager of Shenzhen Branch of the Company.

     Mr. Zhou Tianhong is the Chief Information Officer (CIO) of the Company. He obtained a master’s degree in
     computer software from Nanjing University, and is an engineer. He joined the Company in September 1994 and has
     successively served as the Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and the General Manager of the Information
     Technology Department of the Head Office, and the General Manager of the Information Technology Department
     of the Head Office. He has served as the Chief Information Officer of the Company since December 2024 and
     concurrently serves as the Director of the Digital Finance Development Office of the Head Office.

     5.4.5 Remuneration policy and evaluation and incentive system for Directors,
            Supervisors and senior management

               During the reporting period, the Company offered remuneration to Independent Directors and External Supervisors
               according to the “Resolution in Respect of Adjustment to Remuneration of Independent Directors” and the
               “Resolution in Respect of Adjustment to Remuneration of External Supervisors” reviewed and passed at the 2016
               First Extraordinary General Meeting. The annual remuneration was RMB500,000 (before tax) for each Independent
               Director and RMB400,000 (before tax) for each External Supervisor, respectively. The Company offered remuneration
               to Executive Directors and other senior management according to the “Policies on Remunerations of Senior
               Management of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”. The remuneration comprised three parts, namely basic annual
               remuneration, performance-based annual remuneration and tenure incentive income, which shall be provided by way
               of deferred payment in accordance with regulatory requirements. At the same time, the Company has established
               a mechanism related to performance-based remuneration recovery and deduction. During the reporting period,
               there was no cessation of payment or recovery of performance-based remuneration for relevant personnel. Relevant
               Directors have recused themselves from the discussion of their remuneration. The Company offered remuneration
               to Employee Supervisors in accordance with the policies on remunerations of employees of the Company. All of the
               Directors and Supervisors nominated by shareholders of the Company do not receive any remuneration from the
               Company. For details of the remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors and the five highest paid individuals of
               the Company, please refer to Notes 11 and 12 to the financial statements.

               During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company evaluated the performance of the senior
               management according to the “Policies on Remunerations of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank Co.,
               Ltd.”. Performance-based annual remuneration and tenure incentive income of senior management are variable
               remuneration linked to operating results of the Company and individual evaluation results of senior management.
               According to the “Measures on Evaluation of Performance of Directors and Supervisors of China Merchants
               Bank”, the Board of Supervisors evaluated the annual duty performance of the Directors and Supervisors through
               monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary course, conducting duty performance interviews, reviewing and
               evaluating their annual duty performance records (including but not limited to attendance of meetings, participation
               of researches, provision of recommendations and the term of office in the Company), the “Duty Performance
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                       113

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Self-Evaluation Questionnaire” completed by each Director and Supervisor, and then reported the same to the
Shareholders’ General Meeting and regulatory authorities. According to the “Measures on Evaluation of Duty
Performance of Senior Management of China Merchants Bank”, the Board of Supervisors evaluated the annual duty
performance of senior management through monitoring their duty performance in the ordinary course and accessing
to their duty performance information (including but not limited to major speeches and major meeting minutes) and
work reports, and then reported the same to the Shareholders’ General Meeting and regulatory authorities.

5.4.6 Securities transactions of Directors, Supervisors and relevant employees

          The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as the code
          of conduct for Directors and Supervisors of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.
          According to the enquiry, to the knowledge of the Company, all Directors and all Supervisors of the Company have
          been in compliance with the Model Code and the guidelines set by the Company during the reporting period.

          The Company has also set guidelines on the dealing in the Company’s securities by Directors, Supervisors and
          relevant employees, and the contents of the guidelines are no less exacting than the Model Code.

5.4.7 Interests and short positions of Directors and chief executives under Hong
       Kong laws and regulations

As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (as defined in the
SFO), which are required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and
8 of Part XV of the SFO, including the interests and short positions which the Directors and chief executives of the
Company are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO, or which are required to be recorded in
the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise required to be notified to the
Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong
Listing Rules, were as follows:

Name            Position                  Class of shares  Long/           Capacity           No. of   Percentage of the      Percentage of the
Wang Liang                                A Share          short position  Beneficial owner   Shares     relevant class of  total issued ordinary
                Executive Director                                                           (shares)
Jiang Chaoyang  President and                              Long position   Beneficial owner            shares in issue (%)           shares (%)
Zhong Desheng                                                              Beneficial owner  300,000
                 Chief Executive Officer                                                                        0.00145                0.00119
                Non-Executive Director
                Executive Director        A Share          Long position                     144,300   0.00070              0.00057
                                          A Share          Long position                     177,300   0.00086              0.00070

5.5 Board of Directors

          The Board of Directors is an independent policy-making body of the Company, responsible for executing resolutions
          passed by the shareholders’ meetings; formulating the Company’s major principles and policies, including
          development strategy, risk preference, internal control and internal auditing systems, and remuneration regulations;
          deciding on the Company’s operating plans, investment and financing proposals; making annual financial budgets,
          final accounts and profit appropriation plans; and appointing and assessing members of senior management. The
          Company adopts a system in which the President assumes full responsibility under the leadership of the Board of
          Directors. The senior management team has discretionary powers in terms of operation and makes daily decisions
          on operation management within the scope of authorisation by the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors
          would not intervene in any specific matters in the Company’s daily operation and management.

          The Board of Directors of the Company facilitates scientific and reasonable decision-making through the
          establishment of a diversified directorship structure, and continues to improve the decision-making and operational
          efficiency through promoting the effective operation of special committees. The Board of Directors focuses on key
          issues, directions and strategies, and continues to strengthen the corporate philosophy of balanced, healthy and
          sustainable development. The Board of Directors ensures the Company to achieve coordinated development in
          quality, profitability and scale through effective management of its strategies, risks, capital, remuneration, internal
          control, related party transactions, protection of consumer rights, etc., thus providing a solid basis for the Company
          to enhance its operation and management capabilities.
114  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     5.5.1 Composition of the Board of Directors and diversity policy

               As at the end of the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company has fifteen members, including seven
               Non-Executive Directors, two Executive Directors, and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. All the seven Non-
               Executive Directors are seasoned management personnel such as the Chairman of the Board of Directors, General
               Manager, Deputy General Manager or Capital and Financial Management of large state-owned enterprises. They
               have extensive experience in corporate management, finance, accounting and Fintech fields. The two Executive
               Directors have been engaged in financial management for a long time with extensive professional experience.
               Among the six Independent Non-Executive Directors, there are renowned experts in accounting and finance,
               university professors, as well as financial experts and legal experts with international vision, and they all have in-
               depth knowledge about the development of the banking industry at home and abroad.

               The Company attaches great importance to maintaining the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors, and
               has incorporated diversity policy into the Articles of Association. The responsibilities performed by the Nomination
               Committee under the Board of Directors are to “promote the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors,
               including but not limited to gender, age, culture, educational background and professional experience, and regularly
               review the implementation of diversity policy”. The diversified director structure of the Company has brought broad
               vision and high-level professional experience to the Board of Directors, and also maintained independence within the
               Board of Directors to ensure that the Board of Directors of the Company effectively make independent judgements
               and scientific decisions when studying and deliberating major issues.

               As of the end of the reporting period, the Company has two female Directors, in line with the diversity requirements
               of the Board of Directors under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which has met the gender diversity target of the
               Board of Directors of the Company. In 2025, the qualifications of five Non-Executive Directors and two Independent
               Directors of the Company were approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration. The above Directors
               have extensive professional experience in finance, financial management, accounting, law, and other related fields.
               The Company’s Directors reside widely, including in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, and Dalian, bringing
               diverse cultural and educational backgrounds to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company
               acknowledges that a diversified structure of the Board will bring wide-ranging ideas and unique insights to the
               Board of Directors and its special committees, contribute to the quality of decision-making by the Board of Directors
               and its special committees, while providing a strong guarantee for the high-quality development of the Company.
               The Company will continue to promote the diversified composition of the Board of Directors.

               The Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors shall evaluate the structure, number of members,
               composition and the implementation and effectiveness of the diversity of the Board of Directors (including multiple
               aspects such as gender, skills, knowledge and experience) at least once a year according to the operating activities,
               asset scale and equity structure of the Company, and advise on any changes to the Board of Directors to align
               with the Company’s strategy. To ensure that the Board of Directors maintains gender diversity in the long run, the
               Company will seek to identify potential female Director candidates whose skills, knowledge, experience, and other
               attributes satisfy the relevant requirements based on its own operational and management conditions and the
               structure of the Board of Directors, establishing and maintaining communication channels with potential Director
               candidates to enable timely selection when needed.

               The list of Directors of the Company is set out in the section headed “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
               Management” in this report. To comply with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors
               have been clearly identified in all the corporate communication documents of the Company which disclose their
               names.

     5.5.2 Appointment, re-election and removal of Directors

               In accordance with the Articles of Association, non-employee Directors shall be elected or removed by the
               Shareholders’ Meeting, and can be removed by the Shareholders’ Meeting before the expiry of his/her term of office.
               The employee Director shall be elected and removed by the employee representative meeting, the employee meeting
               or other democratic procedures. The term of office of a Director shall be three years. A Director’s term of office
               shall commence from the date on which the Bank receives the approval of the qualification for the position from the
               banking supervision and administration department under the State Council. Upon expiry of his/her term of office,
               a Director may be re-elected and re-appointed. Where no new appointment is made upon expiry of the term of a
               Director, the original Director shall, prior to the newly appointed director assumes his/her office, continue to perform
               his/her duties as a Director in accordance with the provisions of laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules
               and the Articles of Association.

               Subject to compliance with the relevant laws and administrative regulations, the Shareholders’ Meeting may, by
               ordinary resolution, remove Director (other than Independent Directors and employee Director) prior to the expiry of
               his/her term of office (but claims for compensation under any contract shall not be affected by this provision).
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                      115

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

The procedures for appointment, re-election and removal of Directors, candidates’ qualification and other
requirements of the Company are set out in the Articles of Association and the implementation rules of the
Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors. The Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors
of the Company shall carefully consider the qualifications and experience of every candidate for a Director and
recommend suitable candidates to the Board of Directors. Upon passing the candidate nomination proposal, the
Board of Directors shall propose election of the related candidates at a Shareholders’ Meeting and submit the
relevant proposal at a Shareholders’ Meeting for review and approval.

5.5.3 Responsibilities of Directors

          As of the end of the reporting period, all incumbent Directors of the Company cautiously, earnestly and diligently
          exercised their rights under the Articles of Association and the domestic and overseas regulatory rules, devoted
          sufficient time and effort to the business of the Company, ensured that the business practices of the Company were
          fully compliant with the requirements of the laws, administrative regulations and economic policies of the country,
          gave all shareholders fair treatment, reviewed the business operation and management of the Company in a timely
          manner, and fulfilled the responsibilities stipulated under the laws and administrative regulations, departmental
          regulations and other duties of diligence stipulated under the Articles of Association. All Directors of the Company
          were aware of their joint and individual responsibilities towards shareholders. During the reporting period, the
          average attendance rate of Directors at meetings of the Board of Directors and the special committees under the
          Board of Directors was 95.88%.

          The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have presented their professional opinions on the
          resolutions reviewed by the Board of Directors, including offering independent written opinions on significant
          matters such as the profit appropriation plan, nomination and election of Directors and senior management,
          engagement of accounting firms and related party transactions. In addition, the Independent Non-Executive
          Directors of the Company also gave full play to their professional advantages in the relevant special committees
          under the Board of Directors, and provided professional and independent opinions regarding corporate governance
          and operation management of the Company, thereby providing effective guarantee on the scientific decision-making
          of the Board of Directors.

          The Board of Directors of the Company reviewed its work during the reporting period, believing that it has
          effectively performed its duties and safeguarded the rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders. The
          Company is of the opinion that all the Directors have devoted sufficient time to perform their duties.

          The Company attached great importance to the ongoing trainings of Directors, so as to ensure that they have a
          proper understanding of the operations and businesses of the Company, and that they are fully aware of their
          responsibilities under the relevant laws, administrative regulations, departmental regulations, regulatory authorities
          and the Articles of Association. The Company has renewed the “Insurance for Liabilities of Directors, Supervisors
          and Senior Management” for all of its Directors.

          During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company made an appraisal on the annual duty
          performance of the Directors and the annual duty performance of the Independent Non-Executive Directors, and
          reported the appraisal results to the Shareholders’ General Meeting.

5.5.4 Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President

          The positions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and the President of the Company have been held by different
          persons and their duties have been clearly defined in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing
          Rules. Mr. Miao Jianmin serves as the Chairman of the Company and is responsible for leading the Board of
          Directors, ensuring that all the Directors are kept updated on issues arising at board meetings, managing the
          operation of the Board of Directors, and ensuring that all major issues are discussed by the Board of Directors in a
          constructive and timely manner. In order to enable the Board of Directors to discuss all major and relevant matters in
          time, the Chairman of the Board of Directors worked together with senior management to ensure that the Directors
          duly receive appropriate, complete and reliable information for their reference and review. During the reporting
          period, Mr. Wang Liang serves as the President and is responsible for the business operation of the Company and
          implementation of its strategies and business plans.
116  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     5.5.5 Attendance of Directors at relevant meetings

     The following table sets forth the records of attendance of each Director at the meetings convened by the Board of
     Directors, the special committees under the Board of Directors, the Shareholders’ General Meeting and the special
     meetings of Independent Directors during the reporting period. All Directors performed due diligence in their duties,
     capitalised on opportunities, tackled challenges and used their professional specialties and extensive experience to
     contribute their intelligence and strength to the operation and development of the Company. The Company has
     adopted the constructive opinions and suggestions raised by each of the Directors in aspects including strategy
     guideline, wealth management, Fintech, risk control and management, internal control and compliance, anti-money
     laundering, green finance development, inclusive finance development, ESG development, related party transactions
     management, protection of consumer rights and improvement of incentive and restrictive mechanisms, and no
     objection has been raised by any of the Directors on the matters reviewed.

                                                            Special committees under the Board of Directors

                                                                                                                          Related Party

                                                                                                                          Transactions

                                              Strategy and                                                                Management
                                               Sustainable
                                              Development                Remuneration Risk and Capital                    and Consumer        Special meetings
                                               Committee    Nomination and Appraisal Management
                                   Board of                 Committee Committee Committee                    Audit Rights Protection Shareholders’ of Independent
                                   Directors
     Directors                                                                                               Committee Committee General Meeting Directors

     Non-Executive Directors                                     Actual times of attendance/Required times of attendance
     Miao Jianmin
     Shi Dai                       18/18      5/5           6/6    /    /                                    /            /              0/1  /
     Deng Renjie
     Jiang Chaoyang                17/18      5/5           /      /    /                                    /            /              0/1  /
     Zhu Eric Liwei
     Huang Jian                    3/3        0/0           /      /    /                                    /            /              /    /
     Ma Xianghui
     Sun Yunfei (resigned)         5/5        /             /      1/1  4/4                                  /            /              /    /
     Zhang Jian (resigned)
     Chen Dong (resigned)          18/18      /             /      /    14/14                                5/5          5/5            1/1  /

                                   16/16      /             /      4/4  13/13                                3/3          /              1/1  /

                                   0/0        /             /      /    /                                    0/0          /              /    /

                                   18/18      5/5           /      /    /                                    /            /              1/1  /

                                   1/1        /             /      /    /                                    /            /              /    /

                                   2/2        /             /      1/1  0/1                                  /            /              /    /

     Executive Directors           18/18      5/5           6/6    /    /                                    /            /              1/1  /
     Wang Liang
     Zhong Desheng                 17/18      /             /      /    12/14                                /            /              1/1  /
     Zhu Jiangtao (resigned)
                                   6/6        /             /      /    /                                    /            1/2            /    /

     Independent Non–              18/18      /             /      /    /                                    6/6          5/5            1/1  2/2
      Executive Directors
                                   18/18      5/5           /      5/5  /                                    /            5/5            1/1  2/2
     Tian Hongqi
     Li Chaoxian                   18/18      /             /      /    14/14                                4/4          2/2            1/1  2/2
     Shi Yongdong
     Li Jian                       17/18      /             6/6    /    9/9                                  6/6          3/3            1/1  2/2
     Wong Yuk Shan
     Lu Liping                     0/0        /             0/0    0/0  /                                    0/0          /              /    /
     Li Menggang (resigned)
     Liu Qiao (resigned)           0/0        /             0/0    0/0  /                                    0/0          /              /    /

                                   18/18      /             6/6    5/5  /                                    6/6          /              1/1  2/2

                                   18/18      /             6/6    5/5  5/5                                  2/2          /              1/1  2/2

     Note:

     (1) During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company held a total of 18 meetings, of which 7 were on-site meetings and 11 were
           meetings convened in the form of written resolutions; the special committees under the Board of Directors held a total of 41 meetings, of which 15
           were on-site meetings and 26 were meetings convened in the form of written resolutions.

     (2) The Chairman was absent from the 2024 Annual General Meeting due to other business engagement. Wang Liang, the Director of the Company,
           presided over and acted as the chairman of the meeting, effectively communicating with the shareholders.

     (3) Shi Dai, the Director of the Company, was absent from the 51st meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors due to other business
           engagement and appointed Zhu Eric Liwei, the Director of the Company, as her proxy to attend the meeting. Zhong Desheng, the Executive
           Director, and Li Jian, the Independent Non-Executive Director, were absent from the 7th meeting of the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors
           due to other business engagement and appointed Wang Liang, the Executive Director, and Li Chaoxian, the Independent Non-Executive Director, as
           their proxies to attend the meeting respectively.

     (4) Chen Dong, a committee member, was absent from the 28th meeting of the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Twelfth Session
           of the Board of Directors due to other business engagement and appointed Zhu Eric Liwei, a committee member, as his proxy to attend the
           meeting.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                     117

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

5.5.6 Performance of duties by Independent Non-Executive Directors

          The Board of Directors of the Company currently has six Independent Non-Executive Directors, which meets the
          requirement that at least one third of the total Directors of the Company shall be Independent Directors. The
          qualification, number and proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors are in compliance with the relevant
          requirements of the PRC banking regulatory authorities, the CSRC, Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong
          Kong Stock Exchange. All the six Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not involved in the
          circumstances set out in Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules which would cause doubt on their independence.
          The Company has received from the Independent Non-Executive Directors their respective annual confirmation of
          independence. Therefore, the Company is of the opinion that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors have
          complied with the requirement of independence. The majority of members of the Nomination Committee, the
          Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management
          and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company are Independent Non-
          Executive Directors, and all of such committees are chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. During the
          reporting period, the six Independent Non-Executive Directors kept communicating with the Company through
          attendance at the meetings, special research and investigations and conferences. They effectively performed their
          roles as Independent Non-Executive Directors by diligently attending the meetings held by the Board of Directors
          and its various special committees, actively expressing their opinions and suggestions and attending to the interests
          and demands of minority shareholders. For details of the attendance of Independent Non-Executive Directors at
          the meetings convened by the Board of Directors and its special committees, please refer to the section headed
          “Attendance of Directors at relevant meetings” in this report.

          During the reporting period, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company expressed their independent
          opinions on significant matters such as the profit appropriation plan, implementation of the interim profit
          appropriation, nomination and election of Directors and senior management, engagement of accounting firms and
          related party transactions. They made no objection to the resolutions of the Board of Directors and others of the
          Company.

          Pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code, the Company has established a mechanism within the governance
          framework to ensure that the Board of Directors has access to independent views and opinions, and the
          implementation and effectiveness of the mechanism are reviewed by the Board of Directors on an annual basis.
          According to the “Rules Governing Independent Directors’ Work on Annual Reports” of the Company, the
          Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company listened to the reports on the operation of the Company in
          2025, believing that such reports had fully and objectively reflected the operation of the Company in 2025. They
          recognised and were satisfied with the work performed and the results achieved in 2025. They also reviewed the
          unaudited financial statements of the Company, and discussed with the certified public accountants in charge
          of annual audit in respect of major issues and formed their written opinions; they reviewed the procedures for
          convening board meetings throughout the year, the decision-making procedures for matters on the agenda and the
          adequacy of information about such meetings; they reviewed the continuing connected transactions of the Company
          and made confirmations as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

5.5.7 Corporate governance functions

          During the reporting period, the Board of Directors has performed the following duties on corporate governance:

          1. Formulate and evaluate the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make certain
                    amendments as it deems necessary, so as to ensure the validity of those policies and practices;

          2. Evaluate and supervise the trainings and the improvement of professional competence of Directors and senior
                    management;

          3. Evaluate and supervise the policies and practices of the Company for compliance with laws and regulatory
                    requirements;

          4. Formulate, evaluate and supervise the Code of Conduct and the Compliance Handbook applicable to the
                    Directors and employees of the Company;

          5. Review the compliance of the Company with the Code of Corporate Governance and the disclosures in the
                    Report of Corporate Governance;

          6. Manage, control, monitor and assess the risks of the Company and evaluate the internal control status of the
                    Company. The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the risk management and internal control systems of
                    the Company are effective.
118  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     5.5.8 Statement made by the Directors about their responsibility for the financial
            statements

               The senior management of the Company provided the Board of Directors with adequate explanation and sufficient
               information to enable the Board of Directors to make informed assessment on the financial and other information
               submitted to it for approval. The Directors of the Company acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the
               financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 to present a true view of the operating results of the
               Company. So far as the Directors are aware, there is no material uncertainty related to events or conditions that
               might have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s ability of sustainable operation.

     5.5.9 Special committees under the Board of Directors

               There are six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely the Strategy and Sustainable
               Development Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Risk and
               Capital Management Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Management and
               Consumer Rights Protection Committee.

               In 2025, all the special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company gave full play to their professional
               advantages and earnestly performed various duties, actively offering advices to the Board of Directors on strategic
               guidance, Fintech, risk management, internal control and compliance, inclusive finance, green finance, related
               party transactions management, consumer rights protection, incentive and restrictive mechanisms and construction
               of the Board of Directors. During the year, these committees held a total of 41 meetings to study and review 161
               significant matters, and reported their review opinions and advices to the Board of Directors by submitting meeting
               minutes and giving presentations on-site at the meetings, hence fully performing their respective functions in
               assisting the Board of Directors to make scientific decisions.

               The composition and duties of the six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company and their
               work in 2025 are summarised as follows.

               Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee

               As of the end of the reporting period, the members of the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee
               included Non-Executive Directors Miao Jianmin (Chairman), Shi Dai, Deng Renjie, Wang Liang (Executive Director)
               and Li Chaoxian (Independent Non-Executive Director).

               Main authorities and duties:

               1. Formulate the operational goals and medium-to-long term development strategies, and make an overall
                         assessment on its strategic risks;

               2. Consider material investment and financing projects and make proposals to the Board of Directors;

               3. Supervise and review the implementation of the annual operational and investment plans;

               4. Evaluate and monitor the implementation of Board resolutions;

               5. Put forward proposals and plans on important issues for discussion and determination by the Board of
                         Directors;

               6. Formulate data governance strategies and major matters related to data governance;

               7. Review the ESG development strategy and basic management system, review the ESG-related work reports,
                         supervise the implementation and achievement of ESG development strategies and regularly assess their
                         implementation, and promote the implementation of other ESG-related work in accordance with regulatory
                         requirements;

               8. Other matters authorised by the Board of Directors; and

               9. Other duties and powers granted by laws, administrative regulations, departmental regulations and regulatory
                         authorities.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                119

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

In 2025, the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company
convened five meetings, namely, the 15th meeting (10 March), the 16th meeting (11 March) and the 17th meeting
(7 May) of the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of
Directors, and the 1st meeting (21 August) and the 2nd meeting (24 September) of the Strategy and Sustainable
Development Committee under the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors, and successively reviewed the
Company’s annual financial budget and final accounts report, annual profit appropriation plan, interim profit
appropriation plan, implementation of business plan, sustainable development report, report of the inclusive financial
development and annual work plan, human resources management and talent strategy implementation report,
the use of Fintech innovation project funds, work summary and work plan of data governance. The Committee
focused on reviewing major operation and management matters such as the market value management system of
CMB, the participation in the pilot program of financial asset investment company, the framework quota for capital
bond issuance, and the general authorisation for the issuance of financial bonds and certificates of deposit. The
Committee comprehensively facilitates the mission of serving the real economy and ensures that the Company’s
operation management and business development align with the strategic plans of the 14th Five-Year Plan.

Nomination Committee

The majority of members of the Nomination Committee were Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the
committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. As of the end of the reporting period, the
members of the Nomination Committee include Li Jian (Chairman), Wong Yuk Shan and Lu Liping (all being
Independent Non-Executive Directors), Miao Jianmin (a Non-Executive Director) and Wang Liang (an Executive
Director).

Main authorities and duties:

1. Study and draft the selection criteria and procedures of Directors and senior management;

2. Promote the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors, including but not limited to the diversity
          of gender, age, culture, education background and professional experience, and regularly review the
          implementation of the diversity;

3. Review the structure, number of Directors and composition (including their skills, knowledge and experience)
          of the Board of Directors regularly according to the business activities, asset scale and shareholding structure
          of the Company, and put forward proposals in respect of any intended changes to the Board of Directors in
          line with the strategies of the Company;

4. Search extensively for qualified candidates for Directors and senior management members;

5. Conduct preliminary examination on the candidates for Directors and senior management members;

6. Any other matters authorised by the Board of Directors; and

7. Other functions and powers conferred by the laws, administrative regulations, department rules and
          regulatory authorities.

In 2025, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened six meetings, namely,
the 15th meeting (20 January), the 16th meeting (16 April), the 17th meeting (9 May) and the 18th meeting (21
May) of the Nomination Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors, and the 1st meeting (28
October) and the 2nd meeting (24 December) of the Nomination Committee under the Thirteenth Session of the
Board of Directors, at which the resolutions on the nomination of Directors, the resolution on the re-appointment
of the Chief Risk Officer, the plan for the re-election of the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors, and the
resolution regarding the list of candidates for the Directors of the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors were
successively considered. In addition, the Nomination Committee under the Board of Directors regularly reviewed the
members, structure and diversity implementation of the Board of Directors and its special committees, ensuring that
the structure of the Board composition is in compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements.
120  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     The specific process for the nomination and election of Directors of the Company is as follows: qualified nomination
     body recommends candidates for directorship to the Company, the Nomination Committee under the Board of
     Directors conducts a preliminary review of the qualifications and conditions of the candidates for directorship and
     proposes the qualified candidates to the Board of Directors for consideration, and upon consideration and approval
     by the Board of Directors, proposes the candidates for directorship to the Shareholders’ General Meeting in a
     written proposal (for details, please refer to the section of “Board of Directors” set out in the Articles of Association
     of the Company). In the selection process of candidates for directorship, the Nomination Committee under the
     Board of Directors takes full consideration of the compliance of the candidates with laws, regulations and other
     relevant requirements, independence, cultural and educational background or professional experience, as well as
     the structure, number, composition and diversity of the Board of Directors, and will make recommendations on any
     proposed changes to the Board of Directors in line with the Company’s strategy.

     Remuneration and Appraisal Committee

     The majority of members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were Independent Non-Executive Directors,
     and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. As of the end of the reporting period,
     the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee currently include Wong Yuk Shan (Chairman), Li
     Chaoxian, Lu Liping (all being Independent Non-Executive Directors), Jiang Chaoyang and Huang Jian (both being
     Non-Executive Directors). The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the
     remuneration management system and policies of the Company, formulating the remuneration package for the
     Directors and senior management, making proposals to the Board of Directors and supervising the implementation
     of such proposals.

     Main authorities and duties:

     1. Study and draft the assessment standards of Directors and senior management members and make
               assessment depending on the actual conditions of the Company;

     2. Study, draft and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of Directors and senior
               management members; draft and review the remuneration policies and proposals in respect of Directors and
               senior management members, including remuneration determination mechanism, decision-making process,
               payment and cessation of payment recovery arrangements;

     3. Draft or modify share incentive plans, employee stock ownership plans, ensure the granting of rights to
               incentive recipients and the conditions for the exercise of such rights by incentive recipients are met, and
               conduct the arrangement of stock ownership plans for Directors and senior management members in the
               event of a proposed spin-off of a subsidiary;

     4. Review the remuneration management system and policies of the Company;

     5. Evaluate the performance of the Executive Directors and approve the terms of service agreements for the
               Executive Directors;

     6. Any other matters authorised by the Board of Directors; and

     7. Other functions and powers conferred by the laws, administrative regulations, department rules and
               regulatory authorities.

     In 2025, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened
     five meetings, namely the 14th meeting (17 January), the 15th meeting (20 May) and the 16th meeting (25 June)
     of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors, and the 1st
     meeting (27 October) and the 2nd meeting (24 December) of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under
     the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee under the Board of
     Directors implements the medium- and long-term strategic objectives formulated by the Board of Directors, guides
     management staff and employees to “base on the long-term development and grasp the present opportunities”,
     continuously improves the connotation of incentive and restraint mechanism, reviews the results of the annual
     operation performance appraisal, and formulates the proposals on the annual operation performance appraisal
     and the operation strategy appraisal for the three-year term, ensuring the stable and continuous operation of the
     Company’s incentive and restraint mechanism.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                               121

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Risk and Capital Management Committee

As of the end of the reporting period, the members of the Risk and Capital Management Committee were Jiang
Chaoyang (Chairman), Zhu Eric Liwei and Huang Jian (all being Non-Executive Directors), Zhong Desheng (an
Executive Director), Shi Yongdong and Li Jian (both being Independent Non-Executive Directors).

Main authorities and duties:

1. Supervise the status of risk control by the senior management members in relation to credit risk, market risk,
          operation risk, liquidity risk, strategic risk, compliance risk, reputation risk, country risk and other risks;

2. Make regular assessment on the risk policies, management status, risk-withstanding ability and capital status;

3. Perform the relevant duty of the advanced capital measurement method under the authorisation of the Board
          of Directors;

4. Submit opinions and proposals on perfecting the management of risks and capital;

5. Arrange and instruct risk prevention works in accordance with the authorisation of the Board of Directors;

6. Instruct and promote construction of legal institutions and compliance management;

7. Evaluate, supervise and govern the risk management policies and practices of relevant overseas institutions,
          including those of the Company in the United States, in accordance with overseas regulatory requirements;

8. Any other matters authorised by the Board of Directors; and

9. Other functions and powers conferred by the laws, administrative regulations, department rules and
          regulatory authorities.

In 2025, the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened
fourteen meetings, namely the 28th meeting (18 March), the 29th meeting (19 March), the 30th meeting (25
April), the 31st meeting (30 May) and the 32nd meeting (23 June) of the Risk and Capital Management Committee
under the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors, and the 1st meeting (20 August), the 2nd meeting (22
August), the 3rd meeting (25 September), the 4th meeting (30 September), the 5th meeting (24 October), the 6th
meeting (12 November), the 7th meeting (3 December), the 8th meeting (18 December) and the 9th meeting (24
December) of the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors.
The Risk and Capital Management Committee adhered to prudent and sound risk management concepts, actively
responded to the complex economic and financial conditions by holding quarterly meetings, further enhanced
the proactivity and foresight of risk management, deepened the systematic development of comprehensive risk
management, and effectively fulfilled its risk management responsibilities. The Risk and Capital Management
Committee focused on risks in sectors including real estate and local government platforms, and proposed specific
risk management requirements; regularly reviewed reports on anti-money laundering and various compliance work,
paid close attention to the international situation and geopolitical changes, and ensured the compliance and safety
of the Company’s operation management; specifically listened to reports on retail business risk investigation, and
maintained an intensified focus on retail credit risk and interest rate risk; adhered to long-term and reasonable
capital planning by regularly reviewing reports on the internal assessment on capital adequacy, capital management
planning, and the third pillar, etc., and continuously enhanced the capability of endogenous growth of capital.
122  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Audit Committee

     The majority of members of the Audit Committee were Independent Non-Executive Director, and the committee was
     chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director. As of the end of the reporting period, the members of the Audit
     Committee are Tian Hongqi (Chairman), Li Jian, Wong Yuk Shan and Lu Liping (all being Independent Non-Executive
     Directors) and Zhu Eric Liwei and Ma Xianghui (all being Non-Executive Directors). None of the above persons
     has ever served as a partner of the incumbent auditors of the Company. In view of the fact that the Articles of
     Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (2025 Revision) were approved by the National Financial Regulatory
     Administration and came into effect, from 18 December 2025, in accordance with the Company’s Articles of
     Association, the Company shall cease to have the Board of Supervisors, and the Audit Committee under the Board
     of Directors shall take over the original authorities and duties of the Board of Supervisors as stipulated by laws and
     regulations.

     Main authorities and duties:

     1. make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or dismissal of the person in charge of financial
               affairs;

     2. be responsible for the annual audit work, make recommendations to the Board on the disclosure of financial
               information in the financial reports and regular reports, and give opinions on the authenticity, accuracy,
               completeness and timeliness of the information set out in the audited financial report and appoint, in
               the name of the Company, registered accountants and practicing accountants to assist in reviewing such
               information should any doubt arises;

     3. review the profit distribution plans, and submit opinions on the compliance and reasonableness of the profit
               distribution plans;

     4. examine the accounting policy and financial reporting procedure; submit opinions to the Board on changes in
               accounting policies, accounting estimates or correction of major accounting errors due to reasons other than
               changes in accounting standards;

     5. formulate policies, procedures and relevant internal control systems for the selection and appointment
               of an Accounting Firm as authorised by the Board of Directors; propose the initiation of work related to
               the selection and appointment of an Accounting Firm; deliberate selection and appointment documents,
               determine evaluation factors and scoring criteria, and supervise the selection and appointment process; make
               recommendations on the proposed selection and appointment of an Accounting Firm and audit fees, and
               submit them to the decision-making body for decision; supervise and evaluate the audit work performed
               by the Accounting Firm; report periodically (at least annually) on the evaluation of the performance of the
               Accounting Firm engaged and on the performance of the supervisory duties of the Audit Committee of the
               Board of Directors;

     6. guide and supervise the internal audit work and have the right to request the Board of Directors and senior
               management to provide audit-related information, evaluate the work procedures and work results of the
               internal audit department; coordinate the communications between internal auditors and external auditors;

     7. examine the internal control system and put forward suggestions on the improvement of internal control;
               and make proposals to the Board of Directors for the disclosure of assessment report on internal control;

     8. review and supervise the mechanism for employees to whistleblow any misconducts in respect of
               financial reports, internal control or other aspects, so as to ensure that the Company always handles the
               whistleblowing issues in a fair and independent manner and takes appropriate actions;

     9. supervise the adoption by the Board of Directors of prudent business philosophy and value standards and
               formulate suitable development strategies in line with the actual situations of the Company, evaluate the
               scientificalness, reasonableness and robustness of the Company’s development strategy and prepare an
               evaluation report; with main focus on supervising its operation decisions, internal control, risk management
               of the Company;

     10. supervise the objectivity and reasonableness of the remuneration management system and its implementation
               of the whole Company and the remuneration packages for its senior management members;

     11. supervise the process of election and appointment of Directors;
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                             123

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

12. supervise the actual performance of duties by Directors, and senior management members of the Company,
          conduct overall assessment on the performance of duties by Directors and senior management members
          of the Company, and report the final assessment results to the banking supervision and administration
          department under the State Council and report the same to the shareholders’ meeting of the Company;
          require the Directors and senior management members to proceed with rectifications within a designated
          period and take accountability when they violate the relevant laws, administrative regulations, departmental
          rules and the Articles of the Company and resolutions of the shareholders’ meeting, or engage in any
          activities damaging the interests of the Company, and report to the regulatory authority when necessary;

13. represent the Company in negotiating with its Directors and senior management members, and make written
          or verbal proposals to them, give directions, conduct discussions, raise questions and require formal replies
          when necessary; and initiate legal proceedings against them according to the provisions of the Company
          Law;

14. review the resignations of Directors, and senior management members when necessary;

15. put forward proposals to the shareholders’ meeting; propose to convene extraordinary meetings; convene
          and preside over shareholders’ meetings if the Board of Directors fails to perform the duty of convening and
          presiding over shareholders’ meetings according to the provisions of the laws, administrative regulations and
          the Articles of Association;

16. the Company’s important decisions shall be reported to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors in
          advance, and the information on operation conditions, financial conditions, important contracts, important
          events and cases, audit issues and significant changes in personnel shall be provided according to the
          requirements of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors; the Audit Committee of the Board of
          Directors shall conduct investigation when becoming aware of any unusual operating situation;

17. communicate with the banking supervision and administration department under the State Council or its
          branches on the status of the Company on a regular basis; and

18. other matters as provided by laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and management organs
          and the Articles of Association, and other matters as authorised by the Board of Directors.

In 2025, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company convened six meetings, namely, the
21st meeting and the meeting for Independent Directors’ work on annual reports (12 March), the 22nd meeting
(19 March), the 23rd meeting (25 April) and the 24th meeting (22 May) of the Audit Committee under the Twelfth
Session of the Board of Directors, and the 1st meeting (22 August) and the 2nd meeting (24 October) of the Audit
Committee under the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee, based on the quarterly
meeting mechanism and by means of the regular report and internal and external audit work report, supervised
and verified the authenticity, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the financial report information. The Audit
Committee reviewed the annual, interim and quarterly internal audit plans and work reports and other proposals,
and provided guidance on the key work of internal audit and development of digitalisation capability in order to
exert a positive influence in further improving the Company’s internal audit level and enhancing the quality and
efficiency of the audit work. The Audit Committee reviewed the amendment to the internal control assessment
methods and the internal control assessment work plan for 2025 of China Merchants Bank and other proposals,
continued to promote and supervise the construction and improvement of the internal control system of the
Company. The Audit Committee reviewed the proposal of the engagement of accounting firms for 2025, reviewed
the external auditor’s audit plan, audit results, management recommendations and other reports, discussed with the
certified public accountants for annual auditing on important matters during the auditing, which fully capitalised on
the supervisory role of external auditing. The Audit Committee continued to maintain the communication mechanism
with the Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of Directors and worked together to eliminate
blind spots in risk management, fully played an important role in supervising operation and management, revealing
risks and problems, and improving management level, and effectively fulfilled relevant responsibilities.
124  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     According to “Work Procedures on Annual Reports for Audit Committee under the Board of Directors” adopted by
     the Company, the Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company performed the following duties in
     preparing and reviewing the annual report for 2025:

     1. The Audit Committee considered and discussed the accounting firm’s audit plan for 2025 and the unaudited
               financial statements of the Company;

     2. In the course of annual audit and after the issue of a preliminary audit opinion by the auditors in charge of
               annual audit, the Audit Committee heard the report on the operation of the Company for 2025, exchanged
               opinions on the significant matters and audit progress with the auditors in charge of annual audit, reviewed
               the financial statements of the Company, and then formed written opinions on the above issues;

     3. Before the convening of the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee reviewed and
               prepared a resolution on the Company’s Annual Report for 2025 which was submitted to the Board of
               Directors for consideration and approval. Moreover, the Audit Committee reviewed and submitted to the
               Board of Directors the conclusion report prepared by the auditors in charge of annual audit in respect of the
               audit work of the Company in 2025.

     Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee

     The majority of members of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
     were Independent Non-Executive Directors, and the committee was chaired by an Independent Non-Executive
     Director. As of the end of the reporting period, the members of the Related Party Transactions Management and
     Consumer Rights Protection Committee are Li Chaoxian (Chairman), Tian Hongqi and Shi Yongdong (all being
     Independent Non-Executive Directors), and Zhu Eric Liwei (an Non-Executive Director).

     Main authorities and duties:

     1. Identify related parties;

     2. Examine, monitor and review material Related-Party Transactions and Continuing Related-Party Transactions,
               and control the risks associated with Related-Party Transactions;

     3. Review the measures on Related-Party Transactions, and supervise the establishment and improvement of the
               relevant management system of Related-Party Transactions;

     4. Review the announcement(s) in respect of Related-Party Transaction(s);

     5. Review and consider the strategies, policies and objectives of consumer rights protection;

     6. Review reports on consumer rights protection efforts and relevant proposals;

     7. Supervise and evaluate the comprehensiveness, promptness and effectiveness of the consumer rights
               protection efforts, as well as the duty performance of the senior management in consumer rights protection;

     8. Instruct and supervise the establishment and improvement of the management system for consumer rights
               protection;

     9. Any other matters authorised by the Board of Directors; and

     10. Other functions and powers conferred by the laws, administrative regulations, department rules and
               regulatory authorities.

     In 2025, the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Company
     convened five meetings, namely, the 13th meeting (12 March), the 14th meeting (20 May) and the 15th meeting (19
     June) of the Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Twelfth
     Session of the Board of Directors, and the 1st meeting (15 August) and the 2nd meeting (11 December) of the
     Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Thirteenth Session
     of the Board of Directors. The Related Party Transactions Management and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
     focused on reviewing the fairness of related party transactions, assisting the Board of Directors to ensure the legality
     and compliance of related party transactions management, implementing the relevant responsibilities of consumer
     rights protection according to regulatory requirements and deliberated the Related Party Transactions Report for
     2024, the List of Related Parties in 2025 and other proposals, reviewed the related party transactions between the
     Company and Merchants Union Consumer Finance, China Merchants Fund, China Merchants Group Ltd. and other
     related parties, reviewed the “Report on Consumer Rights Protection and Strategic Implementation for 2024”, the
     “Regulatory Referral of Complaints for 2024” and other resolutions, reviewed the regulatory notification document
     on consumer rights protection and the Company’s main consumer rights protection system.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                       125

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

5.6 Investigations/Surveys and Trainings Conducted by Directors

      during the Reporting Period

          During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company organised two investigations/surveys for
          Directors, during which the Directors visited some of the province-level and city-level branches to have deep
          understanding of the operation and management of the branches and sub-branches, reviewed reports of the
          branches on operation and management, risk management and control, internal control management, cost
          management and protection of consumers’ rights and interests and put forward targeted opinions and suggestions.

          During the reporting period, all Directors of the Company participated in the “Anti-Money Laundering and
          Counter-Terrorism Financing Training” according to the requirements on duty performance, systematically studied
          the external situation of anti-money laundering, risk trends of money laundering, important new regulations and
          risk warnings on anti-money laundering in 2025, and the use of anti-money laundering technology, continuously
          enhancing the ability of the Board of Directors to fulfil their duties in the areas of anti-money laundering and
          counter-terrorism financing. The Chairman of the Board of Directors and all Independent Directors of the Company
          reviewed the “Report on the Operations of Retirement Finance of China Merchants Bank”, to have a comprehensive
          understanding of the operations of China Merchants Bank’s retirement finance business and to have an in-depth
          review of the development plan of China Merchants Bank’s retirement finance business. The Company conducted
          specialised training for all Directors on topics such as anti-corruption and ESG, including green finance, to
          strengthen the sense of compliance of Directors in their daily work and to implement anti-commercial bribery and
          anti-corruption requirements. Mr. Tian Hongqi and Ms. Li Jian participated in the Follow-up Training for Independent
          Directors of Listed Companies organised by Shanghai Stock Exchange, to conduct systematic study on special topics
          such as recent regulatory policies and key regulatory points of listed companies, changes in independent directors’
          legal responsibilities under the new situation, and the key points and suggestions on the anti-fraud performance of
          independent directors of listed companies. Ms. Shi Dai, Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei and Mr. Zhong Desheng participated in
          The First Session of Initial Training for Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of Listed Companies in 2025
          organised by Shanghai Stock Exchange. Mr. Li Menggang and Ms. Li Jian participated in the Training on Compliance
          Performance of Duties by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of Listed Companies in 2025 organised by
          Shanghai Stock Exchange, studied in depth the key points of the performance of duties by key minority personnel
          and the management of changes in shareholdings of listed companies, information disclosure regulatory policies and
          situation analysis, typical cases of disciplinary actions against Directors, Supervisors and senior management, typical
          cases of administrative violations, corporate governance, and the performance of duties by Directors, Supervisors
          and senior management. Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei and Mr. Huang Jian have obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule
          3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules as at 20 June 2024, Mr. Deng Renjie, Mr. Jiang Chaoyang, Mr. Ma Xianghui,
          Mr. Wong Yuk Shan, and Mr. Lu Liping have obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Hong
          Kong Listing Rules as at 12 June 2025, and have confirmed that they understand their duties and obligations as
          Directors of the Company. Mr. Tian Hongqi and Mr. Li Chaoxian participated in the Capacity Building Training for
          Independent Directors (Fifth Session) organised by the China Association for Public Companies, studied the working
          guidelines of the Audit Committee and the duty performance experience shared by the convenor and members of
          the Audit Committee.

          The aforesaid investigations/surveys and trainings are conducive to promoting the improvement of duty performance
          by the Directors of the Company, and ensuring that the Directors get the full picture of the information required for
          their duty performance and continue to make contributions to the Board of Directors of the Company.

5.7 Company Secretary under Hong Kong Listing Rules

          Mr. Peng Jiawen and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy of Tricor Services Limited, an external services provider, were the
          joint company secretaries of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr. Peng Jiawen is the major contact
          person of the Company on internal issues.

          Mr. Peng Jiawen, please refer to Mr. Peng Jiawen’s biography under the heading of 5.4.4 “Biography and positions
          of Directors and senior management”.
126  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy is a joint company secretary of the Company. Ms. Ho obtained an MBA degree from
     the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. She is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional, a senior
     Fellow of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute, a senior Fellow of The Chartered Governance Institute in
     the United Kingdom and a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement issued by The Hong Kong Chartered Governance
     Institute. Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy served as a council member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute
     (HKCGI) for six consecutive years (2020 to 2025) and as the Chairlady of the Professional Development Committee
     of HKCGI for three consecutive years from 2023 to 2025. She is currently the Vice Chairlady of the Professional
     Development Committee of HKCGI. Ms. Ho is an Executive Director of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited,
     and her professional practice area covers business consulting, corporate services for private, offshore and listed
     companies. Ms. Ho has over 25 years of experience in the corporate secretarial and compliance service field and
     is currently the company secretary or joint company secretary of a few listed companies on the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange.

     During the reporting period, Mr. Peng Jiawen and Ms. Ho Wing Tsz Wendy attended the relevant professional
     trainings for not less than 15 hours in compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing
     Rules.

     5.8 Major Amendments to the Articles of Association

               To further improve the corporate governance system, the Company, according to the Company Law of the People’s
               Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China and other laws and regulations and the
               latest regulatory requirements of domestic and overseas regulatory authorities, has made all-around review and
               amendments to the Articles of Association. The amended Articles of Association has obtained the approval from the
               National Financial Regulatory Administration during the reporting period. For details, please refer to the relevant
               announcements of the Company dated 28 May and 19 December 2025 and the circular of the Company dated 30
               May 2025 published on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and
               the Company.

     5.9 Communication with Shareholders

               The Company attaches great importance to communication with its shareholders, and has established an effective
               communication mechanism with investors. The Board of Directors has always adhered to strict compliance with
               regulatory requirements, performed the obligation to disclose information in compliance with the law, and constantly
               improved the quality of the disclosed information of the Company. The Company provided communication channels
               for investors through the Company’s official website, investors’ mailbox, hotline and “SSE E-interaction (ɪᗇeʝ
               ਗ)” platform, and in the form of shareholders’ meetings, investor briefings, results road shows, investor research,
               securities analyst research, etc., which fully satisfied the needs of our investors and analysts at home and abroad to
               communicate with the Company.

               The Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed and inspected the implementation of shareholder
               communication policies such as investor relations management and information disclosure during the reporting
               period of the Company, and believes that the above work of the Company is positive and effective. As of the end
               of the reporting period, the price-to-book ratio of the Company’s A shares and H shares remained among the top
               in the domestic banking industry. The Company has obtained the highest rating of A in the annual information
               disclosure evaluation of listed companies on Shanghai Stock Exchange for the twelfth consecutive year.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                            127

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Investor relations

During the reporting period, the Company held one on-site annual general meeting, and held one annual results
press conference, one interim results exchange meeting and one quarterly results exchange meeting in the form
of on-site and online meeting, with a total number of more than 9,000 participants, and the meetings were
disseminated to the market in depth through live streaming across all platforms, transcripts and video replays. At
the press conference, the Chairman and senior management made in-depth presentations on the results achieved
by the Company in adhering to the strategy of building a value creation bank, creating a high-quality development
model characterised by “adopting strict management, upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground
(ς͍௴อ)”, accelerating to improve the three major capabilities of “wealth management, digital and intelligent
technology, and risk management”, and realising the coordinated development of quality, profitability and scale and
other aspects. At the same time, they gave detailed answers to market and media concerns such as macroeconomic
outlook, how to maintain ROE advantage, how to accelerate transformation through the “Four Initiatives”, credit
demand and net interest margin outlook, net non-interest income outlook, outlook on real estate and retail
loans asset quality, and dividend policy and other matters. During the reporting period, the Company insisted on
conducting domestic and overseas roadshows led by the senior management, visited the United States, Europe,
Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Australia, major Chinese cities including Hong Kong, and visited more than 600
well-known domestic and foreign investment institutions through 96 “one-to-one” and “one-to-many” group
meetings, to comprehensively, frankly and professionally communicate with various investors and respond to market
concerns.

During the reporting period, the Company participated in investment strategy meetings held by a total of 48
investment banks and securities companies, including 125 “one-to-one” and “one-to-many” group meetings. The
Company received 69 researches of securities analysts and investors and met with more than 1,000 institutional
investors. The Company also answered hundreds of phone calls from its investors and processed hundreds of
messages from its investors on the Company’s official website, investors’ mailbox, and “SSE E-interaction (ɪᗇeʝ
ਗ)” platform.

The Company has recorded the above-mentioned investor reception and communication activities in accordance
with relevant regulatory requirements, and has properly kept the relevant documents.

Information disclosure

In order to strengthen the management of the information disclosure affairs, standardise the information disclosure
procedure, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors, the Company has established a relatively
sound system of information disclosure management in accordance with the domestic and overseas regulatory
rules, which provides systematic safeguards and a basis for coordinating the Group’s information disclosure work.
According to the “Management System for Information Disclosure of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.” and the
“Management System for Inside Information and Insiders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”, the Company
specified the internal control procedures and management measures for the disclosure of relevant material
information, including inside information. Meanwhile, the Company has also established a series of targeted
operation mechanisms and workflows based on specific work requirements to ensure that internal and external
information is circulated in an efficient, orderly and confidential manner, so as to guarantee the compliant operation
of information disclosure to the greatest extent. During the reporting period, the Company closely monitored
changes in regulatory rules, actively promoted to internalise external regulations, and completed the revision of the
“Management Measures on Information Disclosure Suspension and Exemption of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.”.

During the reporting period, the Company strictly complied with statutory obligations of information disclosure,
and disclosed all major issues in a truthful, accurate, complete, timely and fair manner. On the basis of statutory
information disclosure, the Company was guided by the investors’ needs, continued to enhance proactiveness and
transparency in information disclosure, and effectively protected investors’ right to know. During the reporting
period, the Company proactively disclosed the report of the preliminary annual results to help investors grasp the
core financial performance of the Company in a timely manner; continued to optimise the disclosure structure in
periodic reports in accordance with its strategic transformation and presented the phased results of the Company’s
in-depth promotion of the “value creation bank” strategy in an all-round and multi-dimensional manner; insisted
on the continuity and comparability of important data disclosure to facilitate long-term tracking and comparative
analysis by investors; actively responded to investors’ and market concerns and fully alerted potential risks and
challenges based on the characteristics of bank operations, thereby enabling investors to comprehensively assess the
Company’s development prospects and investment value.

During the reporting period, in accordance with regulatory rules and internal rules and systems, the Company
effectively managed inside information and insiders, and organised and completed the registration of insiders and
other related work in a timely manner.
128  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Investor inquiries

     Office of the Board of Directors of China Merchants Bank

     Address: 7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China

     Tel: +86 755 8319 8888 (Transfer to the investor relations management team of the Office of the Board of
     Directors)

     Fax: +86 755 8319 5109
     Investors may login onto the page of “CMB Info – Investor Relations – Contact Us” on the Company’s official
     website (www.cmbchina.com) and click the URL link “Email” thereon to leave a message for us.

     5.10 Shareholders’ Rights

            Convening of extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meetings

               An extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting shall be convened by the Board of Directors upon request in writing
               by shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting shares at such meeting.
               The Board of Directors shall, in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association
               of the Company, provide a written reply of approval or disapproval for convening an extraordinary Shareholders’
               General Meeting within 10 days upon receiving the request. If the Board of Directors agrees to convene an
               extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting, a notice of such meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon the
               approval for a resolution from the Board of Directors.

               If the Board of Directors does not agree to convene an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting or fails to make
               a reply within 10 days upon receiving the request, the proposers are entitled to propose to the Audit Committee
               under the Board of Directors in writing to convene an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting. If the Audit
               Committee under the Board of Directors agrees to convene an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting, a notice
               of such meeting shall be issued within 5 days upon receiving the request. If the Audit Committee under the Board
               of Directors fails to give such notice of the meeting within the specified timeframe, the shareholders individually or
               jointly holding more than 10% of the Company’s voting shares for more than 90 consecutive days may convene and
               preside over an extraordinary Shareholders’ General Meeting on their own.

            Making interim proposals at the Shareholders’ General Meetings

               If the Company convenes a Shareholders’ General Meeting, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 1%
               of the total voting shares of the Company have the right to submit interim proposals in writing to the Company and
               submit the same to the convenor, other than those proposals concerning the nomination of Executive Director or
               Non-Executive Director. The convenor shall issue a supplemental notice of the Shareholders’ General Meeting within
               2 days upon receiving the interim proposals, and announce the contents of such proposals.

               Please refer to section 1.1.4 in Chapter I “Company Information” for the relevant contact details of making interim
               proposals to the Shareholders’ General Meetings.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                         129

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Convening of extraordinary board meeting

An extraordinary board meeting may be held if it is requisitioned by shareholders representing more than 10% of
the voting rights. The Chairman shall convene the extraordinary board meeting within 10 days upon receiving such
proposal requisitioned by shareholders representing more than 10% of the voting rights.

Making inquiries and suggestions to the Board of Directors

Shareholders are entitled to inquire the information on the Company in accordance with the provisions of the
Articles of Association of the Company upon the submission of written documents certifying the class and quantity
of shares of the Company held by the shareholders, on condition that the identity of whom has been verified by the
Company. For shareholders who need to inquire relevant information on the Company or have any inquiries about
their shareholdings in the Company, please refer to sections 1.1.4 and 1.1.9 in Chapter I “Company Information”
for details of the relevant contacts.

Shareholders are entitled to supervise the operation of the Company and put forward suggestions or inquiries on it,
please refer to Chapter V “Investor Inquiries” for details of the relevant contacts.

Special provisions on rights of holders of preference shares

In the event of any of the following circumstances, the Company shall notify the preference shareholders of the
convening of a Shareholders’ General Meeting and follow the procedures for notifying the ordinary shareholders
set forth in the Articles of Association of the Company. The preference shareholders of the Company shall be
entitled to attend the Shareholders’ General Meeting and the classified voting with ordinary shareholders on the
following matters: (1) amendments to the Articles of Association in relation to preference shares; (2) reduction of
the registered capital of the Company by more than 10% at one time or in the aggregate; (3) merger, division,
dissolution or change of corporate form of the Company; (4) issuance of preference shares; (5) other circumstances
as specified by laws, administrative regulations or the Articles of Association.

If the Company fails to pay dividends on preference shares as agreed for a total of three fiscal years or two
consecutive fiscal years, the voting rights of the preference shareholders shall be restored, and the preference
shareholders shall have the right to attend the Shareholders’ General Meeting and vote with ordinary shareholders
from the day following the date on which the Shareholders’ General Meeting resolves not to distribute the dividends
of the preference shares as agreed for that year. The voting rights of the aforesaid preference shareholders shall
remain in effect until such time as the Company pays the dividends in full for that year.

Other rights

The ordinary shareholders of the Company are entitled to receive distributable profits and other forms of profit
appropriation based on their shareholdings. The preference shareholders of the Company are entitled to priority in
profit appropriation.

Other rights conferred by laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company.
130  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     5.11 Profit Appropriation

     5.11.1 The profit appropriation plan for 2025

               Ten percent of the audited net profit of the Company for 2025 of RMB136.184 billion, equivalent to RMB13.618
               billion, was allocated to the statutory surplus reserve, while 1.5% of the balance of the end-of-period assets with
               the Company bearing risks and losses, equivalent to RMB7.688 billion, was appropriated to the general reserve.
               2.5% of the Company’s mutual fund custody fee income for 2025, equivalent to RMB62 million, was appropriated
               to the risk reserve for the mutual fund custody business. Based on the total share capital of A Shares and H Shares
               on the record date for implementation of the profit appropriation, the Company proposed to declare a cash
               dividend to all shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register. The Company recommended
               the payment of a cash dividend of RMB2.016 (tax inclusive) for every share to ordinary shareholders for the year of
               2025. After deducting the 2025 interim cash dividend already distributed, the cash dividend per share is RMB1.003
               (tax inclusive), which was denominated and declared in Renminbi, payable in Renminbi for holders of A Shares
               and in Hong Kong Dollars or Renminbi for holders of H Shares. The actual appropriation amount in HKD would be
               calculated based on the average RMB/HKD benchmark rate to be released by the People’s Bank of China for the
               previous week (including the day of the Shareholders’ Meeting) before the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting. The
               retained profits will be carried forward to the next year. In 2025, the Company did not transfer any capital reserve
               into share capital. The above profit appropriation plan is subject to consideration and approval at the 2025 Annual
               General Meeting of the Company.

               For the other information on the closing date for registration, the period for closure of register of members and
               the profit appropriation plan for the shareholders who are entitled to attend the Company’s 2025 Annual General
               Meeting and those who are entitled to receive the final dividends for 2025, the Company will make further
               announcement(s) at appropriate times. The Company expects that the distribution of final dividends to the H
               Shareholders will be completed by 30 August 2026.

     5.11.2 Profit appropriation of the Company for the last three years

                                                     Number of                                   Net profit          Proportion of
                                                                                           attributable to   cash dividend to net
                                                     shares issued on                 holders of ordinary
                                                                                                               profit attributable
                      Number of                      capitalisation of                       shares in the           to holders of
                   bonus shares                                                              consolidated
                 for every share    Cash dividend surplus reserve       Total cash   financial statements       ordinary shares in
                    held (No. of                                                              for the year       the consolidated
                                    for every share for every share     dividends    (in millions of RMB)    financial statements
                          shares)
                                    held (inclusive held (No. of (inclusive of tax,                142,044                       (%)
                                 –                                                                 142,810
     Year                        –  of tax, in RMB)  shares) in millions of RMB)                   143,874                     35.01
                                 –                                                                                             35.32
     2023                           1.972            –                  49,734                                                 35.34
     2024                           2.000
     2025(Note)                     2.016            –                  50,440

                                                     –                  50,843

     Note:       The cash dividend for 2025 includes the interim cash dividend already distributed for 2025. The profit appropriation plan for 2025 is subject to
                 consideration and approval at the 2025 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                         131

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

5.11.3 The formulation and implementation of the Company’s cash dividend policies

          Profit appropriation policies of the ordinary shares

          As specified in the Articles of Association, the profit appropriation policies of the ordinary shares of the Company
          are:

          1. Profit appropriation of the Company shall focus on reasonable returns on investment of shareholders, and
                    such policies shall maintain continuity and stability;

          2. The Company may distribute dividends in cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares, and it shall
                    distribute dividends mainly in cash; the objective of the Company’s cash dividend policy is to strive for
                    a steadily increasing dividend payout; subject to compliance with prevailing laws, regulations and the
                    requirements of relevant regulatory authority on the capital adequacy ratio, as well as the requirements
                    of general working capital, business development and the need for substantial investment, merger and
                    acquisition plans of the Company, the cash dividend to be distributed by the Company to shareholders of
                    ordinary shares each year in principle shall not be less than 30% of the net profit after taxation attributable
                    to shareholders of ordinary shares audited in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting
                    Principles for that year; profit appropriation may be withheld if the Company’s audit report for the latest
                    year contains a qualified opinion, or an unqualified opinion with a material uncertainty paragraph related to
                    going concern, or if other circumstances stipulated by applicable laws, regulations, or the Company’s listing
                    regulatory authorities arise;

          3. The Company may declare interim cash dividends; however, the maximum amount of any interim dividend
                    for a given year considered and approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting shall not exceed the net profit
                    attributable to holders of ordinary shares of the Company for the corresponding period;

          4. If the Company generated profits in the previous accounting year but the Board of Directors did not make
                    any cash profit appropriation plan after the end of the previous accounting year, the Company shall state
                    the reasons for not distributing the profit and the usage of the profit retained in the periodic report and the
                    Independent Directors shall give an independent opinion in such regard;

          5. If the Board of Directors considers that the price of the shares of the Company does not match the size of
                    the share capital of the Company or where the Board of Directors considers necessary, the Board of Directors
                    may propose a profit appropriation plan in the form of shares and implement the same upon consideration
                    and approval at a Shareholders’ Meeting, provided that the abovementioned cash profit appropriation
                    requirements are satisfied;

          6. The Company shall pay cash dividends and other amounts to holders of domestic shares listed domestically
                    and such sums shall be calculated, declared and paid in Renminbi. The Company shall pay cash dividends
                    and other amounts to holders of H Shares and such sums shall be calculated and declared in Renminbi and
                    paid in Hong Kong Dollars. The foreign currencies required by the Company for payment of cash dividends
                    and other sums to shareholders of overseas listed foreign shares shall be handled according to the relevant
                    requirements of foreign exchange administration of the State;

          7. Where appropriation of the Company’s fund by a shareholder, which is in violation of relevant rules,
                    has been identified, the Company shall make a deduction against the cash dividend to be paid to such
                    shareholder, and such amount shall be used as the reimbursement of the funds appropriated;

          8. The Company shall disclose the implementation progress of the cash dividend policy and other relevant
                    matters in its periodic reports in accordance with the applicable requirements.

          Implementation of profit appropriation policies of the ordinary shares

          The Company implemented the profit appropriation for 2024, based on the 2024 profit appropriation plan
          considered and approved by the 48th meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board of Directors and the 2024 Annual
          General Meeting. In addition, the Company implemented the interim profit appropriation for the first half of 2025,
          based on the “Proposal regarding the Interim Profit Appropriation Plan for 2025” considered and approved by the
          48th meeting of the Twelfth Session of Board of Directors and the 2024 Annual General Meeting, as well as the
          “Proposal regarding the Implementation of the Interim Profit Appropriation for 2025” considered and approved by
          the 10th meeting of the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors. The implementation of the Company’s profit
          appropriation plans for 2024 and the first half of 2025 were strictly carried out in accordance with the relevant
          provisions of the Articles of Association. The minority shareholders were afforded opportunities to fully express their
          views and requests. The criteria and proportion of cash dividends were clear and specific. The profit appropriation
          plan of the Company and its implementation have provided adequate protection for the legitimate rights and
          interests of minority investors.

          The profit appropriation plan of the Company for 2025 will also be implemented in strict accordance with the
          relevant provisions of the Articles of Association. Such proposal has been considered and approved by the 13th
          meeting of the Thirteenth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company and shall be submitted for consideration
          and approval at the 2025 Annual General Meeting of the Company.
132  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     5.12 Taxes and Tax Deductions

               The shareholders of the Company pay relevant taxes according to the following regulations and the tax laws updated
               from time to time, enjoy possible tax deductions as the case may be, and shall consult with their professional tax
               and legal consultants for specific payment affairs. The laws, regulations, and rules cited as follows are relevant
               provisions promulgated as of 31 December 2025.

     A-share shareholders

     For natural person shareholders and securities investment fund shareholders holding the Company’s A Shares,
     according to relevant provisions of the Notice on the Issues Concerning the Implementation of the Policies for
     Differentiated Individual Income Tax Imposed upon the Dividends and Bonuses from Listed Companies (ᗫ‫݄ྼ׵‬
     ɪ̹ʮٰ̡ࢹߎлࢨйʷࡈɛ‫੻ה‬೼݁ഄϞᗫਪᕚٙஷٝ) (Cai Shui [2012] No.85) and the Notice on the Issues
     Concerning the Policies for Differentiated Individual Income Tax Imposed upon the Dividends and Bonuses from
     Listed Companies (ᗫ‫׵‬ɪ̹ʮٰ̡ࢹߎлࢨйʷࡈɛ‫੻ה‬೼݁ഄϞᗫਪᕚٙஷٝ) (Cai Shui [2015] No.101), if the
     holding period is within one month (including one month), the full amount of dividends and bonuses shall be
     included in the taxable income, and the actual tax burden ratio is 20%; if the holding period is from 1 month to 1
     year (including 1 year), 50% of the dividends and bonuses shall be included in the taxable income, and the actual
     tax burden ratio is 10%; if the holding period exceeds one year, the dividends and bonuses shall be temporarily
     exempted from individual income tax.

     For qualified foreign institutional investor (QFII) shareholders who hold the Company’s A Shares, the Company shall,
     in accordance with the provisions as set forth in the Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident Enterprises’
     Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Payment of Dividends, Bonuses, and Interest to QFII (ᗫ‫׵‬ʕ਷֢͏ΆุΣ
     QFII˕˹ٰࢹeߎлeлࢹ˾ϔ˾ᖮΆุ‫੻ה‬೼Ϟᗫਪᕚٙஷٝ) (Guo Shui Han [2009] No.47), withhold and pay the
     enterprise income tax at the tax rate of 10%. If qualified foreign institutional investor (QFII) shareholders are involved
     in enjoying tax treaty (arrangement) treatment, the withholding of enterprise income tax shall be implemented in
     accordance with the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Administrative Measures for Non-
     resident Taxpayers to be Entitled to Benefits under Tax Treaty (਷࢕೼ਕᐼ҅ᗫ‫׵‬೯б‫ॶ͏֢ڢ‬೼ɛԮա՘֛‫ܙ‬༾
     ၍ଣ፬‫ج‬ٙʮѓ) (State Administration of Taxation Announcement No.35 of 2019) and the Notice on the Issues
     Concerning Chinese Resident Enterprises’ Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Payment of Dividends, Bonuses,
     and Interest to QFII (ᗫ‫׵‬ʕ਷֢͏ΆุΣQFII˕˹ٰࢹeߎлeлࢹ˾ϔ˾ᖮΆุ‫੻ה‬೼Ϟᗫਪᕚٙஷٝ) (Guo Shui
     Han [2009] No.47).

     For investors (including enterprises and individuals) of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange investing in the Company’s A
     Shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange (referred to as Northbound Trading), according to the Notice on the Tax
     Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect (ᗫ‫׵‬လಥٰୃ̹ఙʹ‫׸‬ʝᑌʝஷዚ
     Փ༊ᓃϞᗫ೼ϗ݁ഄٙஷٝ) (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81), the dividends and bonuses shall be distributed in RMB by the
     Company through China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch to the account
     of the nominal holder of A Shares. The Company will withhold income tax at the tax rate of 10% and apply to the
     competent taxation authority for withholding declaration. For Northbound Trading investors who are tax residents
     of other countries or regions and the income tax rate for dividends and bonuses is lower than 10% as stipulated
     in the tax treaty signed between its domicile country or region and China, the withholding of income tax shall be
     implemented in accordance with the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Administrative
     Measures for Non-resident Taxpayers to be Entitled to Benefits under Tax Treaty (State Administration of Taxation
     Announcement No.35 of 2019) and the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-
     Hong Kong Stock Connect (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81).

     For other A-share shareholders (including institutional investors) who are resident enterprises under the Law of the
     People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax, the income tax shall be declared and paid by themselves.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                            133

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

H-share shareholders

According to relevant provisions of the Notice on Matters Concerning the Levy and Administration of Individual
Income Tax after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (ᗫ‫׵‬਷೼೯[1993]045໮˖΁ᄻ˟‫ܝ‬Ϟᗫࡈɛ‫੻ה‬
೼ᅄ၍ਪᕚٙஷٝ) (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) and the Notice on the Issues Concerning Chinese Resident
Enterprises’ Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Distribution of Dividends to H-share Shareholders Who Are
Foreign Non-resident Enterprises (ᗫ‫׵‬ʕ਷֢͏ΆุΣྤ̮Hٰ‫͏֢ڢ‬Άٰุ؇‫ݼ‬೯ٰࢹ˾ϔ˾ᖮΆุ‫੻ה‬೼Ϟᗫਪ
ᕚٙஷٝ) (Guo Shui Han [2008] No.897) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, the Company withholds
dividend income tax at the tax rate of 10% for individual and enterprise shareholders of the Company’s H Shares.
However, if otherwise set forth in relevant tax laws, regulations, and treaties, the Company shall handle specifically
in accordance with the tax levy and administration requirements of the taxation authorities.

For investors investing in the Company’s H Shares through Southbound Trading, according to the relevant
requirements of the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock
Connect (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) and the Notice on the Tax Policies Related to the Pilot Program of the Shenzhen-
Hong Kong Stock Connect (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127), the Company shall withhold individual income tax at the tax
rate of 20% for dividends received by individual investors in the Chinese mainland from investing in the Company’s
H Shares through Southbound Trading; dividends received by securities investment funds in the Chinese mainland
from investing in the Company’s H Shares through Southbound Trading shall be taxed as individual investors; the
Company will not withhold income tax on dividends for corporate investors in the Chinese mainland, and the tax
payable shall be declared and paid by the relevant enterprises themselves.

Shareholders of domestic preference shares

The individual income tax payment matters related to the dividends of domestic preference shares obtained by
individuals through non-public issuance shall be handled in accordance with relevant taxation laws and regulations
of China.

According to the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax and the Regulations for
Implementation of the Law on Enterprise Income Tax, the dividend income of domestic preference shares among
eligible resident enterprises shall be tax-free income. The dividend income of domestic preference shares obtained
by non-resident enterprises shall be tax-deductible, and the enterprise income tax shall be levied at the tax rate of
10%.

5.13 Information on Employees

          As of the end of the reporting period, the Group had a total of 121,585 employees40 (including dispatched
          employees).

          The classification of the Group’s employees by gender is: 51,950 males and 69,635 females, with a relatively
          balanced gender ratio.

          The classification of the Group’s employees by profession is: 21,150 employees in corporate finance, 54,176
          employees in retail finance, 7,319 employees in risk management, 17,737 employees in operation and operational
          management, 11,051 employees in research and development, 1,126 employees in administrative and logistics
          support and 9,026 employees in comprehensive management.

          The classification of the Group’s employees by educational background is: 33,742 employees with master’s degrees
          and above, 77,101 employees with bachelor’s degrees and 10,742 employees with junior college degrees or below.

          The distribution of the Group’s employees by region is: 28,751 employees in the Yangtze River Delta, 15,719
          employees in the Bohai Rim, 37,076 employees in the Pearl River Delta and the Western Taiwan Straits Economic
          Zone, 5,416 employees in the Northeast, 13,727 employees in the Central, 17,169 employees in the West and 3,727
          employees outside the Chinese mainland.

40 Including employees of the Company, CMB Wing Lung Bank and its subsidiaries, CMB Financial Leasing, CMB International Capital and its subsidiaries,
          CMB Wealth Management, China Merchants Fund and its subsidiaries, CIGNA & CMAM, CMB Investment, CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance, MUCFC, CMB
          YunChuang and CMB Network Technology.
134  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     The classification of the Group’s employees in research and development by educational background is: 5,455
     employees with master’s degrees or above, 5,494 employees with bachelor’s degrees and 102 employees with junior
     college degrees or below. The age structure is as follows: 4,195 employees aged 30 and below, 5,479 employees
     aged 30-40 (excluding 30, but including 40), 1,152 employees aged 40-50 (excluding 40, but including 50), 225
     employees aged 50-60 (excluding 50, but including 60).

     The Company is committed to eliminating gender discrimination in recruitment. In terms of remuneration
     management, the Company adheres to the principle of gender equality in remuneration and benefits, and provides
     employees with equal training and career development opportunities. For details, please refer to section 4.3.9
     “Human capital development” in this report. The Company will continue to take steps to promote diversity among
     employees at all levels.

     Staff remuneration policy and training

     The Company’s remuneration policy is in line with its cultural concepts, operation targets and corporate values.
     It aims to “improve its market-based remuneration incentive and restrictive mechanisms, serve its strategic and
     business development and fully boost the motivation of its teams”. The remuneration policy adheres to the
     remuneration management principles featuring “value guidance, performance base, Six Can-do mechanism and
     risk control” and reflects the remuneration concept of “remuneration can be increased or decreased, get more pay
     for more work in a flexible way”. At the same time, in order to mitigate various operating and management risks,
     the Company has established a mechanism related to remuneration deferred payment and performance-based
     remuneration recovery and deduction for senior management and employees in positions with significant influence
     on risks in accordance with regulatory requirements and operational management needs. During the reporting
     period, for employees who violate laws, regulations and disciplines or incur significant exposure of risks within
     their responsibilities, the Company has, in accordance with the relevant regulations, deducted, stopped payment or
     recalled their performance-based remuneration according to the severity. During the reporting period, the Company
     formulated the annual remuneration plan in accordance with external regulations and internal operation and
     management practices, and reported the execution of the annual payroll to the competent authority for record as
     required. The Company’s remuneration plan incorporates appraisal indicators covering economic performance, risk
     management, and social responsibility, with remuneration distribution reflecting long-term operational performance
     and risk exposure in a comprehensive manner.

     The Company has established a professional, tiered, internationalised, paradigm-based, scenario-driven, and digital
     and intelligent talent development system. It employs diversified training methods including digital and intelligent
     learning, offline training, and site visits and exchanges to organise multifaceted training programs such as new staff
     training, management staff training, part-time instructor training, training administrator training, key staff training,
     on-site training, and cross-border institutional exchange training. The training mainly includes cultural values,
     professional integrity, professional ethics and security, business and product knowledge, leadership, compliance
     awareness education for employees, etc. The Company continuously enhances employees’ professional capabilities,
     striving to better integrate employees’ personal growth and value fulfilment with the value of China Merchants
     Bank.

     For details of the Company’s human capital development, please refer to section 4.3.9 “Human capital
     development” in this report.
China Merchants Bank                Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                                                  135

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

5.14 Organisational Structure of the Company as at the End of the
      Reporting Period

                      Head Office                  Office of the Board of Directors                   Consumer Rights Protection Centre (Customer Service Centre)#
                                                  Office of the Board of Supervisors
China Merchants Bank  Branches                                                                                               Security Department#
                                                             General Office                                        Investment Management Department#
                      Sub-branches                  Human Resources Department                                  Overseas Branch Management Department#
                                                  Party and Mass Work Department                                  Procurement Management Department#

                                                        Inspection Department                                          Offshore Business Department#
                                          Party Committee Inspection Leading Team Office
                                                                                                                     Network Operation Service Centre#
                                                 Digital Finance Development Office
                                           Assets and Liabilities Management Department                            Market Risk Management Department#
                                                                                                                Operational Risk Management Department#
                                                  Financial Accounting Department
                                                 General Office of Corporate Finance                                   Retail Application R&D Centre#
                                                                                                                     Wholesale Application R&D Centre#
                                                   Strategic Customers Department
                                                 Institutional Customers Department                                      Infrastructure R&D Centre#
                                                                                                                   Data Asset and Platform R&D Centre#
                                                     Pension Finance Department
                                                   Financial Institutions Department                                            Testing Centre#
                                                   Transaction Banking Department                                            Cloud Data Centre#
                                                  Cross-border Finance Department                                             Operation Centre#
                                                                                                                         Anti-money Laundering and
                                                     Inclusive Finance Department                               Sanction Compliance Management Centre#
                                                   Technology Finance Department
                                                   General Office of Retail Finance                                  Project Management Department#
                                             Wealth Management Platform Department
                                                                                                Note: #secondary department
                                                    Retail Customers Department                           *independent secondary department
                                                     Private Banking Department
                                                  Retail Credit Business Department

                                                          Credit Card Centre
                                    General Office of Investment Banking and Financial Markets

                                                   Investment Banking Department
                                                        Global Markets Centre

                                                   Asset Management Department
                                                      Asset Custody Department
                                                       Bills Business Department
                                                     Bill Brokerage Department*

                                                    Risk Management Department
                                                     Credit Approval Department
                                                      Asset Security Department
                                                 Information Technology Department
                                                 Operation Management Department

                                                           Audit Department
                                                    Legal Compliance Department

                                                        CMB Research Institute
                                                            Training Centre

                                                      Office of the Labour Union
                                                      Administration Department
                                                     Representative Office (Taipei)
136  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     5.15 Head Office and Branches and Representative Offices as at the
           End of the Reporting Period

     Region                     Name of branch         Business address                                       No. of    Asset scale
     Head Office                                                                                           branches     (in millions
     Yangtze River Delta        Head Office            7088 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District,
                                                         Shenzhen                                                    1      of RMB)
     Bohai Rim                  Credit Card Centre
                                Global Markets Centre  686 Lai’an Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai                         3,975,018
     Pearl River Delta and the                         1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong New Area,
       Western Taiwan Straits                                                                              1            891,075
       Economic Zone                                     Shanghai
                                                                                                           1 1,314,141
     Northeast
                                Shanghai Branch        1088 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong New Area,           103          543,635

                                                       Shanghai

                                Shanghai Pilot Free Trade 56 Bohang Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai        5            16,937

                                Zone Branch

                                Nanjing Branch         199 Lushan Road, Jianye District, Nanjing           87           310,909

                                Hangzhou Branch        300 Fuchun Road, Shangcheng District,               81           302,058

                                                       Hangzhou

                                Ningbo Branch          342 Min’ an East Road, Yinzhou District, Ningbo     34           120,599

                                Suzhou Branch          36 Wansheng Street, Industrial Park, Suzhou         35           167,699

                                Wuxi Branch            6-107, 6-108 1st Financial Street, Binhu District,  21           81,616

                                                       Wuxi

                                Wenzhou Branch         464 Fudong Road, Lucheng District, Wenzhou          16           39,836

                                Nantong Branch         88 Kerong Road, Chongchuan District, Nantong        19           47,476

                                Beijing Branch         156 Fuxingmen Nei Street, Xicheng District,         134          612,616
                                                         Beijing
                                Qingdao Branch                                                             53           88,722
                                Tianjin Branch         65 Hai’er Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao
                                                       255 Guangdong Road and 9 Qianjin Road, Hexi         46           116,026
                                Jinan Branch
                                Yantai Branch            District, Tianjin                                 63           166,144
                                                       7000 Jingshi Road, High-tech Zone, Jinan
                                Shijiazhuang Branch    117 Changjiang Road, Economic &Technological        19           32,540

                                Tangshan Branch          Development Area, Yantai                          23           48,912
                                                       172 Zhonghua South Street, Qiaoxi District,
                                                                                                           13           20,480
                                                         Shijiazhuang
                                                       406 Xiangyun Road, Lubei District, Tangshan

                                Guangzhou Branch       5 Huasui Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou           79           330,317
                                Shenzhen Branch        2016 Shennan Boulevard, Futian District,
                                                                                                           117          602,267
                                Fuzhou Branch            Shenzhen
                                                       316 Jiangbinzhong Boulevard, Taijiang District,     40           93,723
                                Xiamen Branch
                                Quanzhou Branch          Fuzhou                                            33           91,451
                                                       18 Lingshiguan Road, Siming District, Xiamen
                                Dongguan Branch        China SCE • International Finance Centre South      17           36,986
                                Foshan Branch
                                                         of Eastern Section of Baozhou Road, Fengze        31           89,311
                                                         District, Quanzhou
                                                       200 Hongfu Road, Nancheng District, Dongguan        36           96,131
                                                       12 Denghu Road East, Nanhai District, Foshan

                                Shenyang Branch        79 Qingnian Avenue, Shenhe District, Shenyang       51           53,545
                                Dalian Branch          17 Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian
                                Harbin Branch          3 Zhongyang Avenue, Daoli District, Harbin          34           45,184
                                Changchun Branch       9999 Renmin Avenue, Nanguan District,
                                                                                                           42           45,393
                                                         Changchun
                                                                                                           23           29,146
China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance                                                                137

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Region                Name of branch         Business address                                        No. of   Asset scale
Central               Wuhan Branch                                                                branches    (in millions
West                  Nanchang Branch        188 Yunxia Road, Jianghan District, Wuhan
                                             1111 Huizhan Road, Honggutan New District,                   98      of RMB)
Overseas              Changsha Branch                                                                     47
Total                                          Nanchang                                                           210,032
                      Hefei Branch           39 Chazishan East Road, Yuelu District,                              107,860
                      Zhengzhou Branch
                      Taiyuan Branch           Changsha                                           49          112,195
                                             169 Funan Road, Hefei
                      Haikou Branch          96 Nongye Road East, Zhengzhou                       43          119,362
                      Chengdu Branch         265 Nan Zhong Huan Road, Xiaodian District,
                      Lanzhou Branch                                                              54          109,256
                      Xi’an Branch             Taiyuan
                      Chongqing Branch       1 Shimao Road North, Haikou                          23          52,748

                      Urumqi Branch          488 Tianfu 4th Street, High-tech Zone, Chengdu       13          41,855
                      Kunming Branch         9 Qingyang Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou
                      Hohhot Branch          1 Gaoxin No.2 Road, Gaoxin District, Xi’an           59          154,284
                      Nanning Branch         88 Xingguang Road, New North District,
                      Guiyang Branch                                                              24          43,318
                                               Chongqing
                      Yinchuan Branch        2 Huanghe Road, Urumqi                               72          167,869
                                             1 Chongren Street, Wuhua District, Kunming
                      Xining Branch          9 Chilechuan Avenue, Saihan District, Hohhot         49          147,008
                      Hong Kong Branch       136-5 Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District, Nanning
                                             West 2nd Tower, International Finance Centre,        18          37,349
                      New York Branch
                      Singapore Branch         Guanshanhu District, Guiyang                       54          81,327
                      Taipei Representative  138 Beijingzhong Road, Jinfeng District,
                                                                                                  23          45,365
                        Office                 Yinchuan
                      Luxembourg Branch      79 Haiyan Road, Chengxi District, Xining             19          40,989
                      London Branch
                      Sydney Branch          31/F, Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught             19          35,783
                      /                        Place, Central, Hong Kong
                                                                                                  14          18,902
                                             18/F, 535 Madison Avenue, New York, U.S.A
                                             1 Raffles Place, Tower2, #32-61, Singapore           11          12,961
                                             333, Section 1, Jilong Road, Xinyi District, Taipei
                                                                                                  1           141,580
                                             20 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
                                             18/F, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, UK                1           49,779
                                             L39, GPT, 1 Farrer Place, Sydney, NSW
                                                                                                  1           27,531
                                             /
                                                                                                  1           –

                                                                                                       1           17,432
                                                                                                       1           26,236
                                                                                                       2           18,183

                                                                                                  1,955       12,229,097
138  China Merchants Bank          Chapter V Corporate Governance

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     5.16 Internal Control

               During the reporting period, the Company carried out “2025 Compliance Performance Year” activity. The three
               lines of defence, comprising business department, risk and compliance management department, audit and
               inspection department, worked in an orderly and coordinated manner. The Head Office, branches, sub-branches and
               subsidiaries worked together efficiently. Through the establishment of publicity platform, the organisation of special
               activities, the release of compliance posters, the holding of video competitions, and the compilation of learning
               manuals, the Company continuously provided employees with compliance performance education, case warning
               education and behavioural norms education, vigorously promoted the concept of compliance, strengthened the
               construction of compliance culture, and consolidated the foundation of internal control management.

               During the reporting period, the Company further improved internal control system, revised the Internal Control
               Assessment Methods of China Merchants Bank, further standardised the internal control assessment procedures and
               reports. The Company also further strengthened internal supervision and inspection, vigorously promoted various
               routine and special inspections conducted by the inspection teams of each branch, fully disclosed the problems, risks
               and deficiencies in operation and management, and continuously improved the internal control and management of
               the Company. At the same time, the Company implemented the fundamental rectification of the problems found
               during internal and external inspection to effectively guarantee the compliance operation and stable development
               of the Company’s businesses. In addition, the Company continuously supervised its subsidiaries to improve and
               enhance their internal control and compliance management systems through various measures, such as perfecting
               compliance mechanisms, standardising systems, improving compliance assessments, strengthening inspection and
               rectification, and providing training.

               The Company organised evaluation campaigns on the status of internal control of the whole Bank in 2025. As
               reviewed by the Board of Directors of the Company, no significant or major defects in terms of completeness,
               reasonableness and effectiveness were found in the Company’s internal control system. For details, please refer
               to the “Report of Evaluation on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2025”, and the “Auditors’
               Report on Internal Control of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. in 2025” issued by the accounting firm with standard
               unqualified opinions.

     5.17 Internal Audit

               The Company implements an independent and vertical internal audit system. The Board of Directors shall take the
               ultimate responsibility for the independence and effectiveness of the internal audit, review and approve the internal
               audit charter, audit organisation system, medium- and long-term audit plan and annual audit plan, appoint the
               head of the Audit Department, provide necessary guarantees for the independent and objective implementation
               of internal audit and assess the independence and effectiveness of internal audit. The Head Office has set up an
               Audit Department to undertake specific internal audit responsibilities, be responsible for and report to the Board
               of Directors and its Audit Committee. The Head Office Audit Department has nine audit divisions to strengthen the
               audit, inspection and rectification follow-up of regional branches and institutions. The Head Office Audit Department
               has set up nine teams to increase support and guidance to the audit division and four corresponding audit teams
               to strengthen the audit of Head Office departments, overseas institutions, anti-money laundering mechanism, credit
               card business, etc.

               During the reporting period, the Company’s internal audit focused on the implementation of national economic
               and financial policies, closely followed strategic, risk and regulatory priorities, conducted audits on serving the real
               economy, risk prevention and control in key areas and other aspects, deepened the audit supervision responsibilities,
               improved the audit rectification mechanism, comprehensively promoted the construction of digital and intelligent
               audit, and effectively promoted the sound development of the Bank’s operation and management.

     5.18 Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code

               The Company has applied the principles set out in the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the
               Hong Kong Listing Rules to its corporate governance structure and practices, and the application of such principles
               is set out in this report. During the reporting period, the Company had complied with the principles and code
               provisions of the Corporate Governance Code and adhered to the majority of the recommended best practices
               thereunder.
Implementing differentiated
development to create

competitive advantages
140  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VI Important Events

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Important Events

     6.1 Principal Business Activities

               The Company is engaged in banking and related financial services.

     6.2 Financial Highlights

               Details are set out in Chapter II Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators.

     6.3 Reserve Available for Distribution

               For details of changes in the reserve available for distribution of the Company, please refer to the Statement of
               Changes in Equity in the financial statements.

     6.4 Fixed Assets

               Changes in fixed assets of the Company are detailed in Note 28 to the financial statements.

     6.5 Purchase, Sale or Repurchase of Listed Securities of the Company

               Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or repurchased any of the Company’s listed securities
               (including treasury shares) during the reporting period.
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Company did not have treasury shares.

     6.6 Pre-emptive Rights

               There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association and the shareholders of the Company
               have not been granted any pre-emptive rights.

     6.7 Retirement and Welfare

               Details about retirement welfare provided by the Company to its employees are detailed in Note 39 to the financial
               statements.

     6.8 Principal Customers

               During the reporting period, the net operating income contributed by the top 5 customers of the Company did not
               exceed 30% of the total net operating income of the Company.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VI Important Events                                                                       141

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

6.9 Compliance with Laws and Regulations

          During the reporting period, the Company has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
          regulations that would have a material impact on the operations of the Company.

6.10 Directors’ Interests in the Businesses Competing with Those of
      the Company

          During the reporting period, none of the Directors of the Company has any interests in the businesses which
          compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with those of the Company.

6.11 Financial, Business and Kinship Relations among Directors,
      Supervisors and Senior Management

          Save as disclosed herein, during the reporting period, the Company is not aware that there has been any financial,
          business, kinship or other material or connected relations among the Directors, Supervisors and senior management
          of the Company.

6.12 Contractual Rights and Service Contracts of Directors and
      Supervisors

          Save as disclosed herein, during the reporting period, the Directors and Supervisors or entities connected with such
          Directors or Supervisors of the Company have no material interests in any transaction, arrangement or contract of
          significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party. During the reporting period, none of the
          Directors and Supervisors of the Company has entered into any service contract with the Company which is not
          terminable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory compensation).

6.13 Disciplinary Actions Imposed on the Company, Directors,

      Supervisors or Senior Management

          During the reporting period, the Company was not subject to criminal investigations for suspected crimes. The
          Company, its Directors, Supervisors and senior management members were not subject to criminal punishment, or
          subject to investigations by the CSRC or administrative regulatory measures or administrative punishment by the
          CSRC for suspected violations of laws and regulations, or subject to any disciplinary actions by the stock exchange
          or subject to administrative punishments by other competent authorities that have major impact on the operation
          of the Company. None of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management members of the Company was subject
          to compulsory measures in accordance with the law for suspected crimes, or subject to detention by the disciplinary
          inspection and supervision authorities for suspected serious violations of laws and regulations or duty-related
          crimes that affected the performance of their duties, or subject to compulsory measures taken by other competent
          authorities for suspected violations of laws and regulations that affected the performance of their duties.

6.14 Explanation on the Integrity of the Company

          During the reporting period, there were no circumstances where the Company failed to fulfil any obligation under
          effective court judgements or repay any due debt of a significant amount.
142  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VI Important Events

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     6.15 Undertakings

               In the course of the rights issue of A shares and H shares in 2013, each of China Merchants Group Ltd., China
               Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. (‫ם‬ਠ҅ቃ୵ٰ΅Ϟࠢʮ̡) (now renamed as China Merchants Steam
               Navigation Co., Ltd. (‫ם‬ਠ҅ቃ୵Ϟࠢʮ̡)) and China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (now renamed as China
               Ocean Shipping Company Limited) had undertaken that they would not seek for related party transactions on
               terms more favourable than those given to other shareholders; they would repay the principal and interest of
               the loans granted by the Company on time; they would not interfere with the daily operations of the Company.
               Upon expiration of the lock-up period of the allocated shares, they would not transfer their allocated shares until
               they obtain the approval from the regulatory authorities on the share transfer and the shareholder qualification
               of transferees; and upon obtaining the approval from the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Meeting of
               the Company, they would continue to support the reasonable capital needs of the Company; they would not
               impose unreasonable performance indicators on the Company. For details, please refer to the A Share Rights Issue
               Prospectus dated 22 August 2013 on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
               Limited and the Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, the above
               shareholders had not violated the aforesaid undertakings.

               According to the relevant requirements of the CSRC, the Company considered and approved the “Resolution
               Regarding the Dilution of Current Returns by the Non-public Issuance of Preference Shares and the Remedial
               Measures” at its 2016 Annual General Meeting, and formulated the remedial measures in respect of the dilution
               of current returns of the holders of ordinary shares which may be caused by the non-public issuance of preference
               shares. Meanwhile, the Directors and senior management of the Company also undertook to earnestly implement
               the remedial measures. For details, please refer to the documents of the 2016 Annual General Meeting of the
               Company published on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
               and the Company. So far as the Company is aware, as at the end of the reporting period, neither the Company nor
               its Directors and senior management had breached any of the aforesaid undertakings.

     6.16 Significant Connected Transactions41

     6.16.1 Overview of connected transactions

               Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, a majority of continuing connected transactions of the
               Company met de minimis exemption and the non-exempt continuing connected transactions fulfilled the relevant
               reporting and announcement required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

               On 22 December 2025, the Company entered into a fund business co-operation agreement (the “2025 Agreement”)
               with CMFM to ensure the Group’s continual provision of agency distribution of funds and other services to CMFM
               and its associates (“CMFM Group”) for a term of three years commencing from 1 January 2026 and ending on
               31 December 2028. The Board of Directors of the Company considered and approved the proposal regarding the
               annual caps for the transactions contemplated under the 2025 Agreement, agreeing that the annual caps for
               such transactions with CMFM Group for the period from 2026 to 2028 shall be RMB1.7 billion, RMB2.1 billion
               and RMB2.7 billion, respectively. The transactions contemplated under the 2025 Agreement will constitute non-
               exempt continuing connected transactions of the Company which are subject to the reporting, annual review and
               announcement requirements, but are exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under
               Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the relevant announcement of the Company
               dated 22 December 2025.

     6.16.2 Non-exempt continuing connected transactions

               As of the end of the reporting period, the Company and China Merchants Securities Co., Ltd. held 55% and 45%
               of the equity interest in CMFM, respectively. Therefore, in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, CMFM
               and other members of CMFM Group are connected parties of the Company, and the fund agency distribution
               service provided by the Company to CMFM Group constituted non-exempt continuing connected transactions of the
               Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     41 All of “connected transactions”, “connected parties”, “associates” and “connected entities” in this section are terms used in Hong Kong Listing Rules.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VI Important Events                                                                          143

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

On 28 December 2022, the Company entered into a Business Co-operation Agreement with CMFM on normal
commercial principles after arm’s length negotiation for a term commencing on 1 January 2023 and expiring on
31 December 2025. CMFM Group shall calculate fees based on the rates specified in the fund offering documents
and/or the offering prospectuses, and shall pay agency service fees to the Company according to the agreement.
Meanwhile, the Company has announced the annual caps of RMB1.5 billion, RMB1.8 billion and RMB2.2 billion for
the continuing connected transactions with CMFM Group for 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively as approved by the
Board of Directors. The annual caps for the service fees were not more than 5% of the relevant percentage ratios
calculated in accordance with Rule 14.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, these transactions would only
be subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules,
and exempt from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement. For details, please refer to the relevant
announcement of the Company dated 28 December 2022.

During the reporting period, the total value of continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM
Group amounted to RMB1,185 million.

6.16.3 Confirmation from the Independent Non-Executive Directors and auditors

          The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above-mentioned non-exempt
          continuing connected transactions between the Company and CMFM Group and confirmed that:

          1. The transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;

          2. The terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable, and are in the interest of the Company and its
                    shareholders as a whole;

          3. The transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms or better terms, and the fees for agency
                    distribution of funds and other services shall be at rate(s) standardised by the Company and no less
                    favourable than those charged to the independent third parties by the Company in the ordinary and usual
                    course of business;

          4. The transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms of relevant agreements.

          Furthermore, pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has engaged Ernst & Young
          to perform relevant assurance procedures on the continuing connected transactions of the Group in accordance
          with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits
          or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter
          on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
          of Certified Public Accountants. The Board of Directors confirmed that the auditor has reported the results of its
          performing procedures to the Board of Directors.

          Regarding the disclosed continuing connected transactions, nothing of these transactions has come to the attention
          of the auditor as to the circumstances described under Rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Ernst & Young
          has issued an assurance letter in respect of the findings of the above continuing connected transactions.

6.16.4 Significant transactions with related parties

          The significant transactions between the Company and related parties are set out in note 61 to the financial
          statements. These transactions were entered into between the Company and its related parties in its ordinary course
          of business on normal commercial terms and with the principle of fairness, including borrowings, investments,
          deposits, securities trading, agency services, custody and other fiduciary operations as well as off-balance sheet
          transactions, and those which constituted connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules were in
          compliance with the applicable requirements thereof.

          Pursuant to Rule 14A.72 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company would like to confirm that other than the
          non-exempt continuing connected transactions (the “Disclosed Transactions”) as disclosed in the section headed
          6.16.2 “Non-exempt continuing connected transactions” of Chapter VI in this report, none of the other related
          party transactions as disclosed in note 61 to the financial statements of this report constitute connected transactions
          or continuing connected transactions that are subject to announcement, circular, shareholders’ approval and/
          or reporting requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company confirms that it has
          complied with the requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules in respect of the
          Disclosed Transactions.
144  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VI Important Events

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     6.17 Material Litigations and Arbitrations

               Several litigations were filed during the daily operation of the Company, most of which were filed proactively for
               the purpose of recovering non-performing loans. As of the end of the reporting period, there were 326 pending on
               final judgement cases (including litigations and arbitrations) in which the Company was involved, with an aggregate
               principal and interest of RMB1,464 million. The Company believes that none of the above litigation and arbitration
               cases would have a material adverse impact on the financial position or operating results of the Company.

     6.18 Material Contracts and Their Performance

            Significant events in respect of holding in custody, contracting, hiring or
            leasing of assets

               During the reporting period, the Company did not have any material contract signed in connection with holding
               in custody, contracting, hiring or leasing of any assets of other companies outside the normal scope of banking
               businesses, or vice versa.

            Significant guarantees

               Guarantee business falls within the Company’s ordinary course of business. During the reporting period, save for the
               financial guarantees entered into in the Company’s normal business scope approved by the PRC banking regulatory
               authorities, the Company did not have any other significant disclosable guarantees, nor was the Company a party
               to any guarantee contract in violation of the resolution procedures of external guarantees as required by laws,
               administrative regulations and the CSRC.

     6.19 Explanation on Significant Investment

               During the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company considered and approved the proposal in
               relation to investment in the establishment of a financial asset investment company. With the approval of the
               National Financial Regulatory Administration, CMB Investment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has
               officially commenced its operations. For details, please refer to the relevant announcements of the Company dated
               8 May, 3 July and 23 November 2025. Please refer to section 3.10.5 “Major subsidiaries” for descriptions of CMB
               Investment.

     6.20 Material Assets Acquisition, Disposal and Merger

               During the reporting period, the Company did not have any material assets acquisition, disposal or merger.

     6.21 Use of Funds by Related Parties

               During the reporting period, no related parties used any funds of the Company for non-operating purposes, and
               none of them used the funds of the Company through, among others, any related party transactions not entered
               into on an arm’s length basis. Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, being the auditor of the Company, has issued a special
               audit opinion in this regard.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VI Important Events                                                                         145

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

6.22 Engagement of Accounting Firms

          Upon completion of the annual audit work for the year 2023 of the Company, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified
          Public Accountants LLP (Special General Partnership) and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu have provided audit services
          for the Company for eight consecutive years, reaching the maximum term of consecutive engagement as specified
          by the Ministry of Finance. The Company is required to change its accounting firms in 2024. Upon the approval at
          the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company, the Company engaged Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP as the
          domestic accounting firm of the Company and its domestic subsidiaries for 2024, and engaged Ernst & Young et
          al. as the international accounting firm of the Company and its overseas subsidiaries for 2024. The term of each
          of the engagements is one year. The Company has fully communicated with the previous and current accounting
          firms on the change of the accounting firm, and they have no objection to the change and confirm that there is no
          matter regarding the change of the accounting firm that needs to be brought to the attention of the shareholders
          or creditors of the Company. Save as disclosed above, the Company did not change its accounting firms in the past
          three financial years.

          Upon the approval at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company, the Company engaged Ernst & Young
          Hua Ming LLP as the domestic accounting firm of the Company and its domestic subsidiaries for 2025, and engaged
          Ernst & Young et al. as the international accounting firm of the Company and its overseas subsidiaries for 2025.
          The term of each of the engagements is one year. Since 2024, the Company has engaged the aforesaid accounting
          firms as its auditors. Benny Bing Yin Cheung is the engagement partner and certified public accountant who signed
          the IFRS audit report, Feng Suoteng is the engagement partner and certified public accountant who signed the PRC
          GAAP audit report, and Fan Xun is the other certified public accountant who signed the PRC GAAP audit report,
          each of whom has been providing audit services to the Company since 2024.

          The financial statements of the Company for 2025 prepared under the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting
          Principles and the internal control of the Company as at the year end of 2025 were audited by Ernst & Young Hua
          Ming LLP, and the financial statements for 2025 prepared under IFRS Accounting Standards were audited by Ernst
          & Young. The total audit fees of the Group amounted to approximately RMB28.17 million, among which the audit
          fees for internal control were approximately RMB1.04 million. The above audit service fees are determined based on
          the time commitments of the partners and other staff at various levels of the accounting firms in the audit process,
          taking into account the responsibilities borne in professional services, the expertise and experience required, and
          other factors. The Group paid the total non-audit fees related to bond issuance, taxation, and other professional
          services of approximately RMB10.03 million to Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP, Ernst & Young and other members of
          Ernst & Young for 2025. Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young confirmed that the provision of such non-
          audit services would not compromise their audit independence.

6.23 Explanation of Changes of Accounting Policies and Accounting
      Estimates

          For details of accounting policies and accounting estimates of the Company during the reporting period, please refer
          to Note 4 “Material accounting policy information” and Note 5 “Significant accounting estimates and judgements”
          to the financial statements. For details of the changes of accounting policies, please refer to Note 3 “Application of
          new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards” to the financial statements.

6.24 Review of Annual Results

          Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young, both being the external auditors of the Company, have audited
          the financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted Accounting
          Principles and the IFRS Accounting Standards, respectively, and each has issued an unqualified audit report. The
          Audit Committee under the Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed the Company’s annual report for 2025.
146  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VI Important Events

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     6.25 Annual General Meeting

               For the convening of its 2025 Annual General Meeting, the Company will make further announcement.

     6.26 Management Contracts

               No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
               the Company were entered into or existing during the reporting period.

     6.27 Permitted Indemnity Provision

               The Company has maintained appropriate insurance coverage for the liabilities of the Directors, Supervisors and
               senior management in respect of legal actions against its Directors, Supervisors and senior management arising out
               of corporate activities.

     6.28 Publication of Annual Report

               The Company prepared its annual report in both English and Chinese versions in accordance with the IFRS
               Accounting Standards and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which are available on the websites of Hong Kong
               Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company. In the event of any discrepancies in interpretation between the
               English and Chinese versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.

               The Company prepared its annual report in Chinese version in accordance with the PRC Generally Accepted
               Accounting Principles and the preparation rules for annual reports, which is available on the websites of Shanghai
               Stock Exchange and the Company.
Adhering to an “AI First”
philosophy to build an

intelligent bank
148  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

     7.1 Changes in Ordinary Shares of the Company During the
           Reporting Period

                                                            31 December 2024            Changes in the    31 December 2025
                                                                                          No. of shares
                                                            No. of shares Percentage         during the   No. of shares Percentage
                                                                                              reporting
                                                            (share)            (%)               period   (share)           (%)
                                                                                                 (share)
     1. Shares subject to trading restrictions on sales     –                  –                          –                 –
     2. Shares not subject to trading restrictions                                                     –

               on sales                                     25,219,845,601     100.00   – 25,219,845,601           100.00
             (1) Ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares)          20,628,944,429      81.80                               81.80
             (2) Foreign shares listed domestically                                     – 20,628,944,429
             (3) Foreign shares listed overseas (H Shares)                  –        –                                   –
             (4) Others                                      4,590,901,172      18.20   –                 –         18.20
     3. Total shares
                                                                            –        –  – 4,590,901,172                  –
                                                            25,219,845,601     100.00                              100.00
                                                                                        –                 –

                                                                                        – 25,219,845,601

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 479,538 shareholders of ordinary shares,
     including 453,281 holders of A Shares and 26,257 holders of H Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the
     holders of H Shares are subject to trading restrictions on sales.

     As at the end of the previous month prior to the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 28 February 2026), the Company
     had a total of 624,961 holders of ordinary shares, including 598,877 holders of A Shares and 26,084 holders of H
     Shares. Neither the holders of A Shares nor the holders of H Shares are subject to trading restrictions on sales.

     Based on the publicly available information and to the knowledge of the Directors, the Company had maintained the
     public float in compliance with the requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
China Merchants Bank             Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                                 149

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

7.2 Top Ten Holders of Ordinary Shares and Top Ten Holders of
      Ordinary Shares Whose Shareholdings Are Not Subject to Trading
      Restrictions on Sales

Serial No. Name of shareholders        Type of         Shares held at        Percentage    Type of shares               Changes in   Number of     Number of
                                       Shareholders       the end of         of the total                             the reporting  shares held       shares
                                                          the period        share capital                                             subject to
                                       Overseas legal        (share)                                                        period                  pledged,
                                         person                                     (%)                                     (share)     trading    marked or
                                                       4,555,932,579              18.06                                              restrictions
1       HKSCC Nominees Ltd.                                                                H Shares not subject to     1,264,081                      frozen
                                                                                  13.04      trading restrictions on           –       on sales       (share)
2       China Merchants Steam Navigation State-owned legal 3,289,470,337                     sales                             –        (share)     Unknown
                                                                                   6.24                                        –
        Co., Ltd.                      person                                              A Shares not subject to                            –            –
                                                                                   4.99      trading restrictions on  -49,834,760
3       China Ocean Shipping Company State-owned legal 1,574,729,111                         sales                             –              –            –
                                                                                   4.84                                        –
        Limited                        person                                              A Shares not subject to             –              –            –
                                                                                   4.55      trading restrictions on           –
4       Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and State-owned legal 1,258,542,349                     sales                             –              –            –
                                                                                   4.48
        Development Company Ltd.       person                                              A Shares not subject to                            –            –
                                                                                   3.74      trading restrictions on
5       Hong Kong Securities Clearing  Overseas legal 1,221,284,589                          sales                                            –            –
                                                                                   2.76
        Company Limited                person                                              A Shares not subject to                            –            –
                                                                                   2.08      trading restrictions on
6       China Merchants Financial Holdings State-owned legal 1,147,377,415                   sales                                            –            –

        Co., Ltd.                      person                                              A Shares not subject to                            –            –
                                                                                             trading restrictions on
7       Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. – Domestic legal 1,130,991,537                      sales                                            –

        Traditional – Ordinary insurance person                                            A Shares not subject to
                                                                                             trading restrictions on
        products                                                                             sales

8       Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and State-owned legal 944,013,171                     A Shares not subject to
                                                                                             trading restrictions on
        Development Company Ltd.       person                                                sales

9       COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., State-owned legal 696,450,214                      A Shares not subject to
                                                                                             trading restrictions on
        Ltd.                           person                                                sales

10      China Securities Finance Corporation Domestic legal 524,229,972                    A Shares not subject to
                                                                                             trading restrictions on
        Limited                        person                                                sales

Notes:

(1) Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Ltd. are the total shares in the accounts of holders of H Shares of China Merchants Bank trading on the
      transaction platform of HKSCC Nominees Ltd. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is an institution designated by others to hold
      shares on behalf of them as a nominal holder, and the shares held by it are the shares of China Merchants Bank acquired by investors through
      Northbound Trading.

(2) As at the end of the reporting period, among the aforesaid top ten shareholders, HKSCC Nominees Ltd. is a subsidiary of Hong Kong Securities
      Clearing Company Limited; China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Company Ltd., China
      Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd. are all subsidiaries of China Merchants
      Group Ltd.; and China Ocean Shipping Company Limited and COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. are both subsidiaries of China COSCO
      Shipping Corporation Limited. The Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action in concert among other shareholders.

(3) None of the above holders of A Shares have entrusted any proxy or acted as proxy to vote or waived their voting rights.

(4) During the reporting period, the above holders of A Shares did not participate in the margin trading and short selling business. The number of
      outstanding A Shares of the Company lent out through securities lending by the above holders of A Shares at the beginning and the end of the
      reporting period was zero.
150  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     7.3 Information on Substantial Ordinary Shareholders

     7.3.1 Information on the Company’s largest shareholder

               As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd., through its subsidiaries, namely China
               Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd., China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment
               and Development Company Ltd., Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Company Ltd., China Merchants
               Union (BVI) Limited, Best Winner Investment Limited and China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen)
               Limited, indirectly held an aggregate of 29.97% of the shares in the Company. There was no pledge of the shares
               of the Company. Specifically, China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. directly held 13.04% of the shares in
               the Company, and is the largest shareholder of the Company with a registered capital of RMB17.0 billion as at the
               end of the reporting period, and its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. China Merchants Steam Navigation Co.,
               Ltd. mainly engages in passenger and cargo shipping businesses; dockyard, warehouse and vehicle transportation;
               investment and management of tugboat and barge transportation business; repair, construction and trading of ships
               and offshore oil drilling equipment; sale, purchase and supply of various transportation equipment, spare parts and
               materials; ship and passenger/goods shipping agency; construction of water and land-based construction projects;
               and businesses such as investment and management of finance, insurance, trust, securities and futures industries.

               As at the end of the reporting period, China Merchants Group Ltd. directly holds 100% equity interests in China
               Merchants Steam Navigation Co., Ltd. and is the controlling shareholder of the Company’s largest shareholder,
               with a registered capital of RMB16.9 billion. Its legal representative is Miao Jianmin. China Merchants Group Ltd. is
               a central enterprise under the direct control of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
               the State Council. Its predecessor, China Merchants Steam Navigation Company, was founded in 1872, when China
               was in its late Qing Dynasty and was undergoing the Westernisation Movement. It was one of the enterprises which
               played a significant role in promoting the modernisation of China’s national industries and commerce at that time.
               It is a diversified central enterprise, with its main businesses focusing on four major segments, namely transportation
               and logistics, comprehensive finance, real estate and industrial zones, science and technology innovation industry.
               Currently, it is aiming at the goal of becoming an innovation-driven, international and comprehensive world-class
               enterprise, resolutely fulfilling the mission of “strengthening the country with industry, serving the country with
               finance, and rejuvenating the country with science and technology”, and actively exploring the construction of an
               integrated development model of “technology – industry – finance”.

               The Company has no controlling shareholder or de facto controller. There is no controlling shareholder who holds
               more than 50% of the shares of the Company, or any shareholder who can effectively control more than 30% of
               the voting rights of the shares of the Company. To the knowledge of the Company, there is no acting in concert
               or other arrangement among the shareholders of the Company that would allow them to effectively control the
               actions of the Company. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 15 Directors (including 6
               Independent Directors). No shareholder nominated or recommended more than half of the total number of Directors
               of the Company, and no shareholder had the ability to unilaterally determine the voting results of the Board of
               Directors of the Company.

               As at the end of the reporting period, the equity relationship among the Company, its largest shareholder and the
               controlling shareholder of its largest shareholder is illustrated as follows (in this report, any discrepancies between
               the total shown and the sum of the percentages listed are due to rounding):

                                                                        China Merchants Group Ltd.

                                                                             100%

                                                                           China Merchants Steam
                                                                             Navigation Co., Ltd.

                                                                              100%

                                                                 China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.

        100%                                                                                       100%                            27.59% China Merchants China

       China Merchants Holdings                                                                China Merchants Financial Holdings                  Direct Investments Limited
     (Hong Kong) Company Limited                                                                 (Hong Kong) Company Limited

      50%                                100%                           100%                   100%                                    100%

     China Merchants               Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment  Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment     Best Winner                          China Merchants Industry
     Union (BVI) Limited           and Development Company Ltd.  and Development Company Ltd.  Investment Limited                  Development (Shenzhen) Limited

     1.89%                         4.99%                         3.74%  4.55%                  1.53%                               0.22%  13.04%

                                                                        China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                         151

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

7.3.2 Information on other shareholders holding more than 5% of the Company’s
       shares

          As at the end of the reporting period, China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited indirectly held an aggregate
          of 9.97% of the shares in the Company through its holding subsidiaries, namely China Ocean Shipping Company
          Limited, COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou COSCO Shipping Haining Technology Co., Ltd.,
          COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (ʕჃऎ༶(ɪऎ)Ϟࠢʮ̡), COSCO Shipping Investment Holdings Co., Limited
          (ʕჃऎ༶ҳ༟છٰϞࠢʮ̡) and Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd. (ᄿψ̹ɧཻ‫ۜذ‬༶፩Ϟࠢʮ̡).
          There was no pledge of the shares of the Company. Specifically, China Ocean Shipping Company Limited held 6.24%
          of the shares in the Company. China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company (the predecessor of China Ocean Shipping
          Company Limited) was established on 22 October 1983. The registered capital of China Ocean Shipping Company
          Limited was RMB16.191 billion as at the end of the reporting period. Its legal representative is Wan Min. The
          scope of its businesses includes: international shipping; ancillary business in international maritime transportation;
          acceptance of space booking, voyage charter and time charter from cargo owners at home and abroad; leasing,
          construction, trading and maintenance of vessels and containers and manufacture of related facilities; ship escrowing
          business; provision of ship materials, spare parts and communications services relating to shipping business at home
          and abroad; management of enterprises engaging in vessel and cargo agency business and seafarer assignment
          business.

          China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited held 100% equity interests in China Ocean Shipping Company Limited
          and is its controlling shareholder. China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited was established on 5 February
          2016, and its de facto controller is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the
          State Council. The registered capital of China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited was RMB11.0 billion as at the
          end of the reporting period. Its legal representative is Wan Min. The scope of its businesses includes: international
          shipping; ancillary business in international maritime transportation; imports and exports of goods and technology;
          marine, land, and aviation international freight forwarding business; ship leasing; sales of ships, containers and steel
          products; offshore engineering equipment design; terminal and port investment; communication equipment sales,
          information and technical services; warehousing (except hazardous chemicals); engaged in technology development,
          technology transfer, technical consulting, technical services and equity investment funds in the field of shipping and
          spare parts.

7.3.3 Substantial shareholders’ interests and short positions in the shares of the
       Company under Hong Kong laws and regulations

As at 31 December 2025, substantial shareholders had interests and short positions in the shares of the Company
under Hong Kong laws and regulations as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
Section 336 of the SFO (in this report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the percentages
listed are due to rounding) as follows:

Name of substantial           Class of Long/short              No. of shares    Notes             Percentage    Percentage
shareholder                   shares position Capacity                (shares)                          of the  of the total

China Merchants Group Ltd.                                     6,697,550,412                    relevant class        issued
                                                                                                  of shares in     ordinary
                                                                                                     issue (%)   shares (%)

                              A  Long  Interest of controlled

                                       corporation

                                 Long  Others                  55,196,540

                                                               6,752,746,952                 1  32.73           26.78
                                                                                                17.57            3.20
                              H  Long  Interest of controlled  806,680,423                   1

                                       corporation

China Merchants Steam         A  Long  Beneficial owner        3,289,470,337
  Navigation Co., Ltd.
                                 Long  Interest of controlled 3,408,080,075

                                       corporation

                                 Long  Other                   55,196,540

                                                               6,752,746,952                 1  32.73           26.78
                                                                                                17.57            3.20
                              H  Long  Interest of controlled  806,680,423                   1

                                       corporation
152  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Name of substantial           Class of Long/short                       No. of shares    Notes    Percentage    Percentage
     shareholder                   shares position Capacity                         (shares)                 of the  of the total

     China Merchants Financial                                               1,147,377,415           relevant class        issued
       Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                    2,260,702,660             of shares in     ordinary
                                                                                                          issue (%)   shares (%)

                                   A          Long   Beneficial owner

                                              Long   Interest of controlled

                                                     corporation

                                              Long   Other                   55,196,540

                                                                             3,463,276,615        1  16.79           13.73
                                                                                                      7.16            1.30
                                   H          Long   Interest of controlled  328,776,923          1

                                                     corporation

     China Merchants Financial     A          Long   Interest of controlled  58,147,140           1  0.28            0.23

     Holdings (Hong Kong)                            corporation

     Company Limited               H          Long   Interest of controlled  328,776,923          1  7.16            1.30

                                                     corporation

     Best Winner Investment Limited A         Long   Beneficial owner        58,147,140           1  0.28            0.23
                                           H
                                              Long   Beneficial owner        328,776,923          1  7.16            1.30

     Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment A           Long   Beneficial owner        1,258,542,349        1  6.10            4.99

     and Development Company Ltd.

     China Ocean Shipping          A          Long   Beneficial owner        1,574,729,111           7.63            6.24
       Company Limited

     Hexie Health Insurance Co. Ltd. A        Long   Beneficial owner        1,130,991,537        2  5.48            4.48

     Pagoda Tree Investment        H          Long   Interest of controlled  477,903,500          3  10.41           1.89
       Company Limited
                                                     corporation

     Compass Investment            H          Long   Interest of controlled  477,903,500          3  10.41           1.89
       Company Limited
                                                     corporation

     CNIC Corporation Limited      H          Long   Interest of controlled  477,903,500          3  10.41           1.89

                                                     corporation

     Verise Holdings Company Limited H        Long   Interest of controlled  477,903,500          3  10.41           1.89

                                                     corporation

     China Merchants Union (BVI) H            Long   Beneficial owner        477,903,500          3  10.41           1.89
       Limited

     JPMorgan Chase & Co.          H          Long   Beneficial Owner        44,192,566

                                              Long   Investment manager      64,812,840

                                              Long   Person having           431,867

                                                     a security interest

                                                     in shares

                                              Long   Trustee                 10,285

                                              Long   Approved lending agent 120,520,616

                                                                             229,968,174          4  5.01            0.91

                                              Short  Beneficial owner        52,232,624           4  1.14            0.21

     BlackRock, Inc.               H          Long   Interest of controlled  231,977,141          5  5.05            0.92

                                                     corporation

                                              Short  Interest of controlled  16,392,800           5  0.36            0.06

                                                     corporation

     Ping An Asset Management H               Long   Investment manager 1,110,512,000                24.19           4.40
       Co., Ltd.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                                             153

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Name of substantial           Class of Long/short                            No. of shares         Notes     Percentage    Percentage
shareholder                   shares position Capacity                             (shares)             6          of the  of the total

Ping An Life Insurance        H  Long  Beneficial owner                       921,703,000                  relevant class        issued
  Company of China, Ltd.                                                                                     of shares in     ordinary
  (ʕ਷̻τɛྪ‫ڭ‬ᎈٰ΅                                                                                                   issue (%)   shares (%)
  Ϟࠢʮ̡)
                                                                                                                    20.08          3.65

Ping An Insurance (Group)     H  Long  Interest of controlled                921,703,000           6       20.08                3.65

Company of China, Ltd.                 corporation

(ʕ਷̻τ‫ڭ‬ᎈ(ණྠ)ٰ΅

Ϟࠢʮ̡)

Notes:

(1) For details of China Merchants Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries’ interests in the Company, please refer to section 7.3.1 “Information on the
      Company’s largest shareholder”.

(2) New China Asset Management Co., Ltd. is the trustee of all the A shares in the Company held by Hexie Health Insurance Co., Ltd. by virtue of
      which New China Asset Management Co., Ltd. was deemed to hold interests in all the A shares in the Company held by Hexie Health Insurance
      Co., Ltd.

(3) Pagoda Tree Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants
      Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of its wholly owned subsidiary Compass Investment Company Limited:

(3.1) China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited held 477,903,500 H shares (long position) in the Company. Verise Holdings Company Limited was
         deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company held by China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited by virtue of holding
         50% interest in China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited.

(3.2) Verise Holdings Company Limited was wholly-owned by CNIC Corporation Limited. Therefore, CNIC Corporation Limited was deemed to hold
         interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company deemed to be held by Verise Holdings Company Limited.

(3.3) Compass Investment Company Limited was deemed to hold interests in the 477,903,500 H shares in the Company deemed to be held by
         CNIC Corporation Limited by virtue of holding 90% interest in CNIC Corporation Limited.

The 477,903,500 H shares referred to in (3) and (3.1) to (3.3) above represented the same shares.

(4) JPMorgan Chase & Co. was deemed to hold a total of 229,968,174 H shares (long position) and 52,232,624 H shares (short position) in the
      Company by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests and short positions of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in the Company
      included a lending pool of 120,520,616 H shares. Besides, 38,369,637 H shares (long position) and 30,862,554 H shares (short position) were held
      through derivatives as follows:

1,386,500 H shares (long position) and 2,797,500 H shares (short position)   – through physically settled listed derivatives
9,000 H shares (long position) and 1,214,750 H shares (short position)       – through cash settled listed derivatives
9,924,468 H shares (long position) and 20,848,653 H shares (short position)  – through physically settled unlisted derivatives
27,049,669 H shares (long position) and 6,001,651 H shares (short position)  – through cash settled unlisted derivatives

(5) BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to hold a total of 231,977,141 H shares (long position) and 16,392,800 H shares (short position) in the Company
      by virtue of its control over a number of companies. The equity interests of BlackRock, Inc. in the Company included 12,006,300 H shares (short
      position) which were held through cash settled unlisted derivatives.

(6) Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. holds interest in 921,703,000 H shares in the Company through Ping An Life Insurance
      Company of China, Ltd.

Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors and chief
executives (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company) who has any interests or short positions in
the shares of the Company as at 31 December 2025 as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
154  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     7.4 Issuance and Listing of Securities

               During the reporting period, the Company did not issue any new ordinary shares. The Company did not have
               any internal staff shares. Save for the disclosure related to “Preference Shares” in this chapter, no equity-linked
               agreements of the Company were entered into during the reporting period or subsisted at the end of the reporting
               period.

               For issuance of bonds of the Company and its subsidiaries, please refer to Note 43 to the financial statements.

               During the reporting period, the use of proceeds raised by the Company was consistent with such usages as set out
               in the prospectus of the Company.

     7.5 Preference Shares

     7.5.1 Issuance and listing of preference shares

               Pursuant to the approvals by the regulatory authorities, the Company made a non-public issuance of 275,000,000
               domestic preference shares on 22 December 2017. The issuance price is RMB100 each and the coupon dividend rate
               per annum is 4.81% (including tax). The domestic preference shares of the issuance have been listed and traded on
               the integrated business platform of Shanghai Stock Exchange since 12 January 2018 (abbreviated name of shares:
               ‫ם‬ვᎴ1; stock code: 360028; number of listed shares: 275,000,000). The total proceeds from the issuance of
               the domestic preference shares amounted to RMB27.5 billion and, after deduction of the expenses relating to the
               issuance, has fully been used to replenish the Company’s additional Tier 1 Capital. On 18 December 2022, five years
               after the issuance of the domestic preference shares, the Company adjusted the coupon dividend rate per annum
               to 3.62% (including tax) in accordance with market rules. For details, please refer to the relevant announcements
               published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
               and the Company.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders                                          155

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

7.5.2 Number of shareholders of preference shares and their shareholdings

          As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 24 holders of preference shares, and all of them
          were holders of domestic preference shares. As at the end of the previous month before the disclosure date of this
          report (i.e., 28 February 2026), the Company had a total of 24 holders of preference shares, and all of them were
          holders of domestic preference shares.

          As at the end of the reporting period, the shareholdings of the Company’s top ten holders of domestic preference
          shares were as follows:

                                                                                    Changes Number of                   Number of
                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                    as compared shares subject
                                                                                                                          pledged,
                                                                Shares held         with the to trading                 marked or

                                                                at the end of Percentage of end of the restrictions on      frozen
                                                                                                                            (share)
       Name of                      Type of         Type of     the period shareholdings previous  sales
No. shareholders                    shareholders    shares                                                                        –
                                                                (share)      (%) year (share)      (share)                        –
1 China Mobile Communications       State-owned                                                                                   –
         Group Co., Ltd.              legal person  Domestic 106,000,000     38.55           –     –                              –

                                                    preference                                                                    –
                                                                                                                                  –
                                                    shares                                                                        –

2 Suyin Wealth Management Co., Ltd. Others          Domestic    23,000,000   8.36            –     –                              –

– No. 1 Hengyuan Rongda (㛬๕ፄ                        preference                                                                    –
                                                                                                                                  –
༺) of Suyin Wealth Management                       shares

3 China National Tobacco (Henan State-owned         Domestic    20,000,000   7.27            –     –

Province) Company                   legal person    preference

                                                    shares

Ping An Property & Casualty         Others          Domestic    20,000,000   7.27            –     –

Insurance Company of China, Ltd.                    preference

– Traditional – Ordinary insurance                  shares

products

5 China National Tobacco (Anhui State-owned         Domestic    15,000,000   5.45            –     –

Province) Company                   legal person    preference

                                                    shares

China National Tobacco (Sichuan State-owned         Domestic    15,000,000   5.45            –     –

Province) Company                   legal person    preference

                                                    shares

7 Everbright Securities Asset       Others          Domestic    9,000,000    3.27            –     –

Management – China Everbright                       preference

Bank – Xinyou (㒥Ꮄ) No. 2                            shares

Collective Asset Management

Scheme of Everbright Securities

Asset Management

8 CSCF – Bank of China – CSCF – Others              Domestic    8,700,000    3.16 6,000,000        –

Youxiang (ᎴԮ) No. 33 Collective                     preference

Asset Management Scheme of                          shares

Bank of China

9 China Credit Trust Co., Ltd. – China Others       Domestic    8,100,000    2.95 8,000,000        –

Credit Trust – Huiying (ිᙊ) No.                     preference

128 Collective Fund Trust Scheme                    shares

10 Everbright Securities Asset      Others          Domestic    7,500,000    2.73            –     –

Management – Bank of China –                        preference

Xinyou (㒥Ꮄ) No. 32 Collective                       shares

Asset Management Scheme

of Everbright Securities Asset

Management
156  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VII Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Notes:

     (1) The shareholdings of holders of domestic preference shares are presented under separate account according to the register of members of
           preference shares of the Company.

     (2) China National Tobacco (Henan Province) Company, China National Tobacco (Anhui Province) Company and China National Tobacco (Sichuan
           Province) Company are all subsidiaries of China National Tobacco Corporation; “Everbright Securities Asset Management – China Everbright
           Bank – Xinyou (㒥Ꮄ) No. 2 Collective Asset Management Scheme of Everbright Securities Asset Management” and “Everbright Securities Asset
           Management – Bank of China – Xinyou (㒥Ꮄ) No. 32 Collective Asset Management Scheme of Everbright Securities Asset Management” are both
           managed by Everbright Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. Save for the above, the Company is not aware of any affiliated relationship or action
           in concert among the above holders of preference shares or between the above holders of preference shares and the Company’s top ten holders of
           ordinary shares.

     (3) “Percentage of shareholdings” represents the percentage of the number of domestic preference shares held by the holders of preference shares to
           the total number of domestic preference shares.

     7.5.3 Dividend distribution of preference shares

               Dividend distribution of domestic preference shares

               In accordance with the relevant requirements under the “Resolution Regarding the Plan for the Non-public Issuance
               of Domestic Preference Shares of the Company”, which was considered and approved at the 2016 Annual General
               Meeting, the first class meeting of the holders of A Shares for 2017 and the first class meeting of the holders of H
               Shares for 2017, the Company fully paid the dividends for domestic preference shares on 18 December 2025, which
               was in compliance with the relevant distribution conditions and distribution procedures.

               The dividends for domestic preference shares of the Company are paid once a year in cash. The non-cumulative
               dividend payment method is adopted for domestic preference shares. The holders of domestic preference shares will
               not participate in the remaining profit appropriation with the ordinary shareholders after they are distributed the
               dividends in accordance with the agreed dividend rate. Pursuant to the terms of dividends payment for domestic
               preference shares, based on the coupon dividend rate of 3.62% for domestic preference shares, the cash dividends
               per preference share paid were RMB3.62 (including tax), and based on 275 million of domestic preference shares in
               issue, the total amount of the dividends paid was RMB995.5 million (including tax).

               For the details of dividend distribution for domestic preference shares, please refer to the relevant announcement
               published by the Company on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
               and the Company on 5 December 2025.

     7.5.4 Redemption or conversion of preference shares

               During the reporting period, there had been no redemption or conversion of preference shares.

               The Company proposed to redeem all of the domestic preference shares on 15 April 2026, which was approved by
               two Directors who were delegated by the Board of Directors according to the authorisation of the Shareholders’
               General Meeting of the Company, and for which no objections were raised in the reply from the National Financial
               Regulatory Administration. For details, please refer to the relevant announcements of the Company dated 13 March
               and 20 March 2026 published on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
               Limited and the Company.

     7.5.5 Restored voting rights of preference shares

               During the reporting period, the voting rights of the Company’s preference shares in issue had not been restored.

     7.5.6 Accounting policies for preference shares and the reason of adoption

               The Company made accounting judgements on the preference shares issued and outstanding of the Company
               in accordance with the requirements of the relevant accounting principles, including the “IFRS 9 – Financial
               Instruments” and the “International Accounting Standard 32 – Financial Instruments: Presentation” issued by the
               International Accounting Standards Board. As the preference shares issued and outstanding of the Company carry
               no obligation to deliver cash and cash equivalents, nor have they any contractual obligations to deliver a variable
               number of its own equity instruments for settlement, they were therefore measured as equity instruments.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements            157

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                     158
                                                                 164
Financial Statements                                             303

Independent Auditor’s Report
Financial Statements and Notes Thereto
Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
158  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Independent Auditor’s Report

                           Ernst & Young           ⭰㰟㛪姯⸒Ṳ⋀㈧           Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                           27/F, One Taikoo Place  榀㸖毩歁㵳勘䙮怺979噆       Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                           979 King’s Road         ⤑⏋✱ᷧ⺎㧺
                           Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                      ey.com

     To the shareholders of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
     (A joint stock company established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

     Opinion

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries
     (the “Group”) set out on pages 164 to 302, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
     December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for
     the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
     the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
     Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies
     Ordinance.

     Basis for Opinion

     We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) as issued by the International
     Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
     responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
     Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as applicable to audits
     of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
     the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
     opinion.

     Key Audit Matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
     opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that
     context.

     We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
     statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
     of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
     statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
     the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  159

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Key Audit Matters (continued)

Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers

The measurement of expected credit losses (ECL) of loans and     We tested and evaluated the design and operating
advances to customers measured at amortised cost and at fair     effectiveness of key controls over measurement of expected
value through other comprehensive income involves the use        credit losses, including:
of numerous models, significant judgments and assumptions.
For example,                                                     •  With the support of our IT audit specialists, we

                                                                    tested and evaluated the data and system functions

•  Significant increase in credit risk – Criteria for               related to the measurement of expected credit

   determining whether significant increase in credit risk          losses, including data computational, data inputs

   has occurred are highly judgmental, and may have a               and system interfaces of the system;

   significant impact on expected credit losses for loans

   and advances to customers measured with longer                •  We tested and evaluated the key controls over

   outstanding maturities.                                          the management, implementation and monitoring

                                                                    of expected credit losses approach, including

•  Models and parameters – Complex models, numerous                 ongoing monitoring of model performance, model

   inputs and parameters, including probability of                  validation, model enhancement, approval of

   default, loss given default, exposure at default, and            material models and key parameters.

   risk grouping, are used to measure expected credit

   losses, involving plenty of management judgments              We adopted a risk-based sampling approach in our loan
                                                                 review procedures, focusing on the asset quality of key
   and assumptions.                                              areas such as industries that are significantly affected
                                                                 by macroeconomic changes. We assessed the debtors’
•  Forward-looking information – The measurement                 repayment capacity and evaluated the Group’s judgment
                                                                 in rating loans, taking into consideration post-lending
   of expected credit losses requires consideration of           inspection reports, debtors’ financial information, collateral
                                                                 valuation reports and other available information.
   forward-looking information. The forecast of macro-

   economic and consideration of the impact of multiple

   probability-weighted macro-economic scenarios on

   expected credit losses, involving significant judgments

   and assumptions.                                              With the support of our modelling specialists, our audit
                                                                 procedures in respect of the expected credit losses model,
•  Whether financial assets are credit-impaired –                key parameters, and management’s significant judgments
                                                                 and assumptions included the following:
   The determination of credit impairment requires

   consideration of multiple factors, and measurement of

   expected credit losses depends on estimates of future         •  We reviewed the documentation of the

   cash flows.                                                      methodology of ECL model. Taking into account

                                                                    results of validation and enhancement of ECL

                                                                    model, we assessed the reasonableness of ECL

                                                                    model methodology and related parameters,

                                                                    including probability of default, loss given default,

                                                                    exposure at default, risk grouping, forward-

                                                                    looking information and whether there had been a

                                                                    significant increase in credit risk;
160  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Key Audit Matters (continued)

     Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Expected credit losses of loans and advances to customers
     (continued)

     As at 31 December 2025, total loans and advances to •               We reviewed the validation reports of ECL model and
                                                                         relevant documents to evaluate the reasonableness
     customers measured at amortised cost and at fair value              of validation approach, completeness of validation
                                                                         scope, and appropriateness of validation conclusion;
     through other comprehensive income amounted to
                                                                         In respect of the internal credit risk rating parameters
     RMB7,159,767 million, accounting for 54.78% of total assets.        used in ECL model, we understood the credit risk
                                                                         internal rating system and methodology. We also
     Allowances for impairment losses of such loans and advances         reviewed the validation reports of internal credit risk
                                                                         rating model and selected samples to evaluate the
     totalled RMB267,222 million.                                     •  reasonableness of internal credit rating data;

     As the measurement of expected credit losses involves
     numerous significant judgments and assumptions, we
     consider expected credit losses for loans and advances to
     customers a key audit matter.

     Relevant disclosures are included in Notes 4(5), 5(4), 22 and •     We assessed the reasonableness of the selection of
     60(a) of the consolidated financial statements.                     macro-economic variables, the determination and
                                                                         weighting of multiple macro-economic scenarios,
                                                                         and the forward-looking adjustments. We assessed
                                                                         the reasonableness of the forecasts of key macro-
                                                                         economic variables by comparing to forecasts of
                                                                         external authoritative institutions;

                                                                      •  We selected samples to verify whether the

                                                                         calculation logic and calculation results of the ECL

                                                                         model are consistent with the model methodology,

                                                                         and assessed the accuracy of ECL model data

                                                                         inputs;

                                                                      •  We assessed the reasonableness of management’s

                                                                         determination of credit impairment. For credit-

                                                                         impaired loans and advances, we selected samples

                                                                         to evaluate the reasonableness of the amount,

                                                                         timing and probability of management’s estimated

                                                                         future cash flows, especially recoverable cash flows

                                                                         from collaterals.

                                                                      We checked and evaluated the appropriateness of the
                                                                      consolidated financial statement disclosures in relation to
                                                                      the measurement of expected credit losses in the context
                                                                      of applicable accounting framework.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 161

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Key Audit Matters (continued)                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Key audit matter
Consolidation of structured entities

The Group holds interests in many different structured entities   We understood, evaluated and tested the design and
as a result of its business activities in financial investments,  operating effectiveness of key controls over the Group’s
asset management and asset securitization. Such interests         assessment of whether it controls a structured entity.
in structured entities mainly include wealth management
products, asset management plans, trust plans, asset-backed       We reviewed the Group’s analysis, which was made on
securities and funds. The Group needs to comprehensively          the basis of a comprehensive consideration of all relevant
consider the power it possesses, its exposure to variable         facts and circumstances, including the power over the
returns, and its ability to use its power to affect returns       structured entities, the magnitude and variability of the
to determine whether it has control over such structured          variable returns obtained from the structured entities,
entities, and therefore whether it should include them in the     and the linkage between these two aspects, to assess the
scope of consolidation.                                           Group’s judgment and conclusion on whether it controls
                                                                  the structured entities.
The determination of control over structured entities requires
significant judgements regarding multiple factors. These          We understood the purpose for establishing the structured
encompass: the purpose and design of the structured entities;     entities and reviewed of the relevant contractual
the Group’s capacity to direct their relevant activities;         documents, on a sampling basis. Taking into account the
both direct and indirect beneficial interests and returns;        liquidity support, credit enhancement, and other relevant
performance-based management fees; as well as gains               circumstances provided by the Group to structured entities
or losses arising from providing credit enhancements or           initiated by itself such as wealth management products,
liquidity support. Comprehensive analysis of these factors        we analysed whether the Group has legal or constructive
and concluding on whether the Group has control involve           obligations to ultimately absorb losses from these entities.
significant management judgements and estimates.                  We assessed the appropriateness of management’s
                                                                  judgment on the consolidation of structured entities to the
In view of the materiality and the complexity of management       consolidated financial statements.
judgements, we consider consolidation assessment of
structured entities a key audit matter.                           We checked and assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                  consolidated financial statement disclosures in relation to
Relevant disclosures are included in Note 4(1), Note 5(1) and     the consolidation of structured entities in the context of
Note 64 to the consolidated financial statements.                 applicable accounting framework.
162  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Other information included in the Annual Report

     The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
     included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
     of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
     we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
     that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements

     The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
     fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
     Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors of the Bank determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
     consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Bank are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors of the Bank either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no
     realistic alternative but to do so.

     The directors of the Bank are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
     Group’s financial reporting process.

     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
     Statements

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
     free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
     Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
     liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
     will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
     material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
     taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                163

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud

   or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient

   and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from

   fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,

   misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are

   appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the

   Group’s internal control.

•  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related

   disclosures made by the directors of the Bank.

•  Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors of the Bank’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,

   based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that

   may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material

   uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the

   consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are

   based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions

   may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the

   disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a

   manner that achieves fair presentation.

•  Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information

   of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial

   statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes

   of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Cheung Bing Yin Benny (practising
certificate number: P06447).

Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

27 March 2026
164  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

     For the year ended 31 December 2025

     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)

     Interest income                                                  Notes       2025         2024
     Interest expense                                                    6    351,351      374,271
                                                                         7   (135,758)    (162,994)
     Net interest income                                                 8    215,593      211,277

     Fee and commission income                                           9     84,265       81,040
     Fee and commission expense                                                 (9,007)      (8,946)
                                                                        10     75,258       72,094
     Net fee and commission income                                      14     40,949       51,118
                                                                        25       1,607        4,045
     Other net income                                                   26
     – Disposal of financial instruments at amortised cost              15    331,800      334,489
                                                                             (118,505)    (117,650)
     Operating income                                                   17    213,295      216,839
     Operating expenses
                                                                              (39,586)     (39,976)
     Operating profit before impairment losses and taxation                        (189)        (843)
     Expected credit losses                                                      3,984
     Impairment losses on other assets                                           1,489        1,713
     Share of profits of joint ventures                                                          919
     Share of profits of associates                                           178,993
                                                                              (27,867)     178,652
     Profit before taxation                                                   151,126      (29,093)
     Income tax                                                                            149,559
                                                                              150,181
     Profit for the year                                                            945    148,391
                                                                                              1,168
     Attributable to:                                                              5.70
     Equity holders of the Bank                                                                 5.66
     Non-controlling interests

     Earnings per share
     Basic and diluted (RMB Yuan)

     The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                      165

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31 December 2025

(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)

Profit for the year                                                    Note      2025        2024
                                                                        16   151,126     149,559
Other comprehensive income for the year after tax
   Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss             (20,683)     23,770
      – Share of other comprehensive income/(expense) from
            equity-accounted investees                                         (3,144)      2,452
      – Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured
            at fair value through other comprehensive income                 (13,251)     16,423
      – Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments
            measured at fair value through other comprehensive income          (1,072)      3,000
      – Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve                                    (41)        (36)
      – Exchange difference on translation of financial statements of
            foreign operations                                                 (3,175)      1,931
                                                                                2,612       2,923
   Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
      – Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at                 2,603       2,903
            fair value through other comprehensive income                             9          20
      – Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme
                                                                             (18,071)     26,693
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax
                                                                             (18,016)     26,571
Attributable to:                                                                   (55)        122
Equity holders of the Bank
Non-controlling interests                                                    133,055     176,252

Total comprehensive income for the year                                      132,165     174,962
                                                                                   890      1,290
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank
Non-controlling interests

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
166  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

     At 31 December 2025

     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)

     Assets                                                             Notes          2025           2024
     Cash
     Precious metals                                                      18         14,808         16,622
     Balances with central banks                                          19         38,669           9,415
     Balances with banks and other financial institutions                 20       560,207
     Placements with banks and other financial institutions               21       200,399        557,443
     Amounts held under resale agreements                                 22       507,439        220,231
     Loans and advances to customers                                    23(a)      258,708        408,955
     Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss         60(f)   7,004,238         271,329
     Derivative financial assets                                        23(b)      647,796     6,632,548
     Debt investments at amortised cost                                 23(c)        18,823       617,018
     Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income          2,124,951
     Equity investments designated at fair value through other          23(d)   1,337,950           32,533
                                                                          25                   1,941,580
        comprehensive income                                              26         24,424    1,092,127
     Interests in joint ventures                                          27         20,126
     Interests in associates                                              28         12,788         22,315
     Investment properties                                                                          19,310
     Property and equipment                                             29(a)            997        11,705
     Right-of-use assets                                                  30       131,524
     Intangible assets                                                    31                          1,117
     Goodwill                                                             32         15,290       128,761
     Deferred tax assets                                                  33           1,922
     Other assets                                                                      9,954        16,890
                                                                                                      2,196
     Total assets                                                                    89,856           9,954
                                                                                     49,654
     The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.                                83,674
                                                                               13,070,523           56,313

                                                                                              12,152,036
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                     167

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                                                           2024

Liabilities                                                      Notes                 2025        189,934
Borrowing from central banks                                                                       699,975
Deposits from banks and other financial institutions               34              111,077         235,376
Placements from banks and other financial institutions             35              911,699
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         36              250,701           67,461
Derivative financial liabilities                                 60(f)             120,499           31,583
Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                           37                                84,042
Deposits from customers                                            38                18,652     9,195,329
Salaries and welfare payable                                     39(a)               95,410          34,512
Tax payable                                                        40           9,924,558            11,713
Contract liabilities                                               41                35,959
Lease liabilities                                                29(b)               14,713            4,193
Provisions                                                         42                                12,778
Debt securities issued                                             43                  3,548         16,762
Deferred tax liabilities                                           32                11,253        222,921
Other liabilities                                                  44                16,919
                                                                                   143,487             1,592
Total liabilities                                                  45                              110,390
                                                                   46                  1,115   10,918,561
Equity                                                           46(a)             130,034
Share capital                                                    46(b)                               25,220
Other equity instruments                                           47          11,789,624          180,446
                                                                   48
   – Preference shares                                             49                25,220          27,468
   – Perpetual bonds                                               50              177,457         152,978
Capital reserve                                                    51
Investment revaluation reserve                                                       27,468          65,429
Hedging reserve                                                  52(b)             149,989           38,385
Surplus reserve                                                    53
General reserve                                                                      65,409                56
Retained earnings                                                                    23,574        122,652
Proposed profit appropriation                                                                      154,932
Exchange reserve                                                                           15      583,638
                                                                                   136,270
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                              163,481           50,440
Non-controlling interests                                                          654,512             4,816

   – Non-controlling interest                                                        25,296     1,226,014
                                                                                       1,641           7,461
Total equity                                                                                           7,461
                                                                                1,272,875
Total equity and liabilities                                                           8,024    1,233,475
                                                                                       8,024
                                                                                               12,152,036
                                                                                1,280,899

                                                                               13,070,523

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2026.

Miao Jianmin                                                Wang Liang
Director                                                    Director
168  China Merchants Bank                        Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

     For The Year Ended 31 December 2025

     (Expressed In Millions Of Renminbi Unless Otherwise Stated)

                                                                                                    2025

                                                                              Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                               Non-
                                                                                                                                                                  controlling
                                                                                                                                                                  interests

                                                 Other equity instruments

                                                                              Investment                                                  Proposed                Non-

                                              Share Preference Perpetual Capital revaluation Hedging Surplus General Retained             profit Exchange         controlling

                                       Notes  capital shares bonds reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve earnings appropriation reserve Subtotal interest Total

     At 1 January 2025                        25,220 27,468 152,978 65,429 38,385         56 122,652 154,932 583,638                      50,440 4,816 1,226,014 7,461 1,233,475

     Changes in equity for the year           –  – (2,989) (20) (14,811) (41) 13,618 8,549 70,874 (25,144) (3,175) 46,861                                         563 47,424

     (a) Net profit for the year              –  –  –                      –  –           –  –            – 150,181                       –         – 150,181     945 151,126

     (b) Other comprehensive income

     for the year                      16     –  –  –                      – (14,800) (41) –              –                            –  – (3,175) (18,016)      (55) (18,071)

     Total comprehensive income               –  –  –                      – (14,800) (41) –              – 150,181                       – (3,175) 132,165       890 133,055
      for the year

     (c) Capital movement from equity

     holders                                  –  – (2,989) (20)               –           –  –            –                            –  –         – (3,009)     – (3,009)
                                                                                                                                                                  – 46,991
     (i) Issue of perpetual bonds 46(b)       –  – 47,000 (9)                 –           –  –            –                            –  –         – 46,991

     (ii) Redemption of perpetual

     bonds                             46(b)  –  – (49,989) (11)              –           –  –            –                            –  –         – (50,000)    – (50,000)

     (d) Profit appropriations                –  –  –                      –  –           – 13,618 8,549 (79,318) (25,144)                          – (82,295) (327) (82,622)

     (i) Appropriations to statutory

     surplus reserve                   50     –  –  –                      –  –           – 13,618        – (13,618)                      –         –      –      –            –

     (ii) Appropriations to general

     reserve                           51     –  –  –                      –  –           –  – 8,549 (8,549)                              –         –      –      –            –

     (iii) Dividends paid              52(a)  –  –  –                      –  –           –  –            – (25,548) (50,440)                       – (75,988) (327) (76,315)

     (iv) Proposed year-end dividends

     for the year 2025                 52(b)  –  –  –                      –  –           –  –            – (25,296) 25,296                         –      –      –            –

     (v) Dividends to preference

     shares                                   –  –  –                      –  –           –  –            – (996)                         –         – (996)       – (996)

     (vi) Distribution to perpetual

     bonds                                    –  –  –                      –  –           –  –            – (5,311)                       –         – (5,311)     – (5,311)

     (e) Transfers within equity upon

     disposal of equity instruments

     designated at fair value

     through other comprehensive

     income                                   –  –  –                      –  (11) –         –            – 11                            –         –      –      –            –

     At 31 December 2025                      25,220 27,468 149,989 65,409 23,574 15 136,270 163,481 654,512                              25,296 1,641 1,272,875  8,024 1,280,899

     The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank                      Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                            169

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

                                                                                  2024

                                                                    Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                          Non-controlling interests

                                          Other equity instruments

                                                                        Investment                                              Proposed             Non- Perpetual
                                       Share Preference Perpetual Capital revaluation Hedging Surplus General Retained
                                       capital shares bonds reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve earnings                    profit Exchange      controlling debt

                                Notes                                                                                           appropriation reserve Subtotal interest capital Total

At 1 January 2024                      25,220 27,468 122,978 65,432 13,656 92 108,737 141,481 518,638                           49,734 2,934 1,076,370 6,521 2,838 1,085,729

Changes in equity for the year         –  – 30,000 (3) 24,729 (36) 13,915 13,451 65,000                                         706 1,882 149,644 940 (2,838) 147,746

(a) Net profit for the year            –  –  ––                     ––         –  – 148,391                                     –         – 148,391 1,075 93 149,559

(b) Other comprehensive income

for the year                    16     –  –  – – 24,725 (36)                   –  –                                          –  – 1,882 26,571       74 48 26,693

Total comprehensive income             –  –  – – 24,725 (36)                   –  – 148,391                                     – 1,882 174,962 1,149 141 176,252
 for the year

(c) Capital movement from

equity holders                         –  – 30,000 (3)              ––         –  –                                          –  –         – 29,997   75 (2,886) 27,186

(i) Increase in

non-controlling interests              –  –  ––                     ––         –  –                                          –  –         –      –   75       –                 75

(ii) Issue of perpetual bonds 46(b)    –  – 30,000 (3)              ––         –  –                                          –  –         – 29,997   –        – 29,997

(iii) Redemption of perpetual

debt capital                           –  –  ––                     ––         –  –                                          –  –         –      –   – (2,886) (2,886)

(d) Profit appropriations              –  –  ––                     – – 13,915 13,451 (83,387)                                  706       – (55,315) (284) (93) (55,692)

(i) Appropriations to

statutory surplus

reserve                         50     –  –  ––                     – – 13,915    – (13,915)                                    –         –      –   –        –                 –

(ii) Appropriations to

general reserve                 51     –  –  ––                     ––         – 13,451 (13,451)                                –         –      –   –        –                 –

(iii) Dividends paid for the

year 2023                       52(a)  –  –  ––                     ––         –  –                                          –  (49,734)  – (49,734) (284)    – (50,018)

(iv) Distribution to perpetual

debt capital                           –  –  ––                     ––         –  –                                          –  –         –      –   – (93) (93)

(v) Proposed dividends for

the year 2024                   52(b)  –  –  ––                     ––         –  – (50,440)                                    50,440    –      –   –        –                 –

(vi) Dividends to preference

shares                                 –  –  ––                     ––         –  – (996)                                       –         – (996)    –        – (996)

(vii)Distribution to perpetual

bonds                                  –  –  ––                     ––         –  – (4,585)                                     –         – (4,585)  –        – (4,585)

(e) Transfers within equity

upon disposal of equity

instruments designated

at fair value through other

comprehensive income                   –  –  ––                     4       –  –  – (4)                                         –         –      –   –        –                 –

At 31 December 2024                    25,220 27,468 152,978 65,429 38,385  56 122,652 154,932 583,638                          50,440 4,816 1,226,014 7,461  – 1,233,475

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
170  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

     For the year ended 31 December 2025

     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)

     Operating activities                                                           2025               2024
     Profit before taxation
     Adjustments for:                                                           178,993           178,652

        – Impairment losses on loans and advances                                42,582             43,608
        – Impairment losses on investments and other                              (2,807)            (2,789)
        – Unwinding of discount on loans and advances
        – Depreciation of property and equipment and investment properties           (118)             (223)
        – Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                    11,613             11,454
        – Amortisation of other assets
        – Net gains on debt securities and equity investments                      3,928              4,107
        – Interest income on investments                                              879               925
        – Interest expense on issued debt securities
        – Share of profits of associates                                        (30,653)           (26,024)
        – Share of profits of joint ventures                                    (91,477)           (84,924)
        – Net gains on disposal of properties and equipment and other assets
        – Interest expense on lease liabilities                                    5,383              7,656
                                                                                  (1,489)              (919)
                                                                                  (3,984)
                                                                                                     (1,713)
                                                                                     (742)             (249)
                                                                                      391               457

     Changes in:                                                                     16,647         14,860
     Balances with central banks                                                  (414,137)      (432,133)
     Loans and advances to customers                                              (121,011)
     Other assets                                                                  739,543          20,925
     Deposits from customers                                                       237,879        941,149
     Amounts due to banks and other financial institutions                                        129,098
     Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions with                   (68,410)
                                                                                    (78,832)     (160,145)
        original maturity over 3 months                                              53,548      (187,678)
     Borrowing from central banks                                                  477,726
     Other liabilities                                                              (26,269)        21,479
                                                                                                  477,573
     Cash generated from operating activities before income tax payment            451,457         (30,550)

     Income tax paid                                                             2,270,020        447,023
                                                                                   125,561
     Net cash generated from operating activities                                    13,074     2,045,080
                                                                                          638     113,717
     Investing activities                                                                           10,757
     Proceeds from disposals and redemptions of investments                     (2,705,121)             416
     Investment income received                                                         (951)
     Proceeds from the disposals of property and equipment and other assets                    (2,427,328)
     Proceeds from the disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures      (28,141)           (571)
     Payment for the purchases of investments                                     (324,920)
     Payment for the acquisition of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures                     (34,930)
     Payment for the purchases of property and equipment and other assets                        (292,859)

     Net cash used in investing activities

     The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                        171

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                                              2024

Financing activities                                             Notes       2025     155,569
Proceeds from the issuance of negotiable interbank
                                                                 55(b)    27,230       61,462
   certificates of deposit                                       55(b)                 24,995
Proceeds from the issuance of certificates of deposit and        55(b)    81,221       29,997
                                                                 55(b)    27,237
   other debt securities                                         55(b)    46,991         9,947
Proceeds from the issuance of debt securities                    55(b)    19,529      (90,160)
Proceeds from the issuance of perpetual bonds                    55(b)  (105,950)     (49,187)
Proceeds from other financing activities                         55(b)   (77,173)     (59,989)
Repayment of negotiable interbank certificates of deposit        55(b)   (35,801)
Repayment of certificates of deposit and other debt securities   55(b)   (50,000)              –
Repayment of debt securities                                     55(b)     (4,534)      (4,793)
Payment for redemption of perpetual bonds                        55(b)                  (2,886)
Payment for lease liabilities                                    55(b)             –
Payment for redemption of perpetual debt capital                 55(b)             –        (93)
Distribution paid on perpetual debt capital                              (50,767)     (50,018)
Payment for dividends distribution                               55(a)        (996)
Distribution paid on preference shares                                     (5,311)         (996)
Distribution paid on perpetual bonds                                       (4,678)      (4,585)
Interest paid on financing activities                                    (36,936)       (5,339)
Payment for other financing activities                                  (169,938)     (11,775)
                                                                                         2,149
Net cash used in financing activities                                    (43,401)     156,313
                                                                         756,527      599,019
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     1,195
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                  (3,304)    756,527
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                  709,822
                                                                                      288,626
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                              259,757      142,636
                                                                         139,784
Cash flows from operating activities include:
Interest received
Interest paid

The notes form part of these consolidated financial statements.
172  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

     For the year ended 31 December 2025

     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)

     1. Organisation and principal activities

     (1) Organisation

               China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a commercial bank established in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of
               China (the “PRC”). With the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) of the PRC, the
               A-Shares of the Bank were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange on 9 April 2002. On 22 September 2006, the Bank’s
               H-Shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”).

               As at 31 December 2025, apart from the Head Office, the Bank had 51 branches in the mainland China, Hong
               Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London and Sydney. In addition, the Bank has a representative office in
               Taipei.

     (2) Principal activities

               The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are providing corporate and personal banking
               services, conducting treasury business, providing asset management and other financial services.

     2. Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

     (1) Statement of compliance and basis of preparation

               These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and
               its interpretations promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), and the disclosure
               requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements also comply with
               the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
               Kong Limited.

     (2) Basis of measurement

               These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and unless otherwise stated, rounded
               to the nearest million. RMB is the functional currency of the domestic operations of the Group. The functional
               currencies of overseas branches and subsidiaries are determined in accordance with the primary economic
               environment in which they operate, and are translated into RMB for the preparation of these financial statements
               according to Note 4(15).

               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial instruments
               that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period and the measurement principles as explained
               below.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      173

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

2. Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)

(2) Basis of measurement (continued)

          Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
          between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
          estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
          into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
          account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
          purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment
         transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are within the scope
         of IFRS 16 Leases , and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
         realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

          In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
          the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
          the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

          Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
          access at the measurement date;

          Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or
          liability, either directly or indirectly; and

          Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

          The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires management to
          make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets
          and liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
          and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
          basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
          other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
          recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
          the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

          Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have significant effect
          on the consolidated financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the future
          periods are discussed in Note 5.

3. Application of new and amendments to IFRS Accounting
      Standards

Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards effective in current year applied by
the Group

Amendments to IAS 21          Lack of Exchangeability

The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no material impact on
the Group’s financial position and performance for the current and prior years or on the disclosures set out in these
consolidated financial statements.
174  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     3. Application of new and amendments to IFRS Accounting
           Standards (continued)

     Standards and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are issued but
     not yet effective and have not been adopted by the Group

     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                                                               Effective for
                                                                                                                   annual period
                                                                                                                   beginning on or after

                                        Amendments to the Classification and Measurement 1 January 2026
                                           of Financial Instruments

     Annual Improvements to             Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and 1 January 2026
        IFRS Accounting Standards –        IAS 7
        Volume 11

     IFRS 18                            Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 1 January 2027

     IFRS 19 and its amendments         Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:        1 January 2027
                                           Disclosures

     Amendments to IAS 21               Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation    1 January 2027
                                           Currency

     Amendments to IFRS 10 and          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor the date to be
        IAS 28
                                        and its Associate or Joint Venture                 determined

     Amendments to Illustrative Examples Disclosures about Uncertainties in the Financial  The examples do not
                                                                                              have an effective
     on IFRS 7, IFRS 18, IAS 1, IAS 8,  Statements                                            date or transitional
                                                                                              provisions
     IAS 36 and IAS 37

     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

     IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been brought forward
     from IAS 1 with limited changes, IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the statement of
     profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and expenses within
     the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and
     discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures about management-
     defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on the grouping (aggregation
     and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some
     requirements previously included in IAS 1 are moved to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates
     and Errors, which is renamed as IAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements. As a consequence of the issuance
     of IFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are made to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, IAS 33 Earnings
     per Share and IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other
     IFRS Accounting Standards. IFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to other IFRS Accounting Standards are
     effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective
     application is required. The Group is currently analysing the new requirements and assessing the impact of IFRS 18
     on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.

     The standards and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards except IFRS 18 mentioned above are not expected to
     have material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      175

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information

          The Group establishes its accounting policies and estimates in accordance with the specific characteristics of its
          business operations, as further elaborated in the relevant notes.

          In assessing the materiality of financial information, the Group evaluates both the nature and magnitude of financial
          statement items within its operational context. For qualitative materiality judgments, it considers whether an item
          arises from ordinary business activities or significantly impacts the Group’s financial position, operating results, or
          cash flows. For quantitative assessments, the Group examines the item’s proportional weight relative to total assets,
          total liabilities, shareholders’ equity, operating revenue, operating costs, or net profit.

(1) Business combination

          Financial statements include financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities controlled
          by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
          with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
          the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

          An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
          commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any profits
          arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. If the
          intra-group transaction indicates that the relevant assets have impairment losses, the losses shall be recognised in
          full.

          When necessary, adjustments are made by the Group to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
          accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

          Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Bank, and
          in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would
          result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition
          of a financial liability. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
          consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity holders
          of the Bank. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented in the consolidated statement of
          profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of
          the net profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity
          holders of the Bank.

          Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
          transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
          consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain
          or loss is recognised.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
          subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
          subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value
          on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
          investment in a joint venture (see Note 4(2)) or, an associate (see Note 4(3)).

Business combinations or asset acquisitions

Optional concentration test

The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a
simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities or assets is not a business. The concentration test is
met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or
group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred
tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set
of activities or assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.
176  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (1) Business combination (continued)

              Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)

              Asset acquisitions

               When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies
               and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price
               first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price
               is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of
               purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.

     Business combination

     Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
     business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair value of
     the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred or assumed by the Group, and any equity interests issued by
     the Group. Acquisition related costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.

     At the acquisition date, irrespective of non-controlling interests, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
     contingent liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair values; except that deferred tax assets or liabilities, and
     assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS
     12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits, respectively.

     Non-controlling interests that represent ownership interests in the acquiree, and entitle their holders to a
     proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially recognised at either fair value or
     the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
     The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

     (2) Joint ventures

     A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net
     assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligation for its liabilities.

     Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions
     about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

     When judging whether there is a joint control, the Group usually considers the following cases:

     –  whether any party within the joint arrangement cannot control the relevant activities of the joint ventures;

     –  whether the decisions about the joint ventures’ relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the

        parties sharing control.

     The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s share of the results of joint ventures for the
     year and the consolidated statement of financial position includes the Group’s share of the net assets of the joint
     ventures.

     Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
     of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
     Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the joint ventures’ net
     assets. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
     the investments, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired.

     The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes post-tax results of the joint ventures for the year, including any
     impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the joint ventures recognised for the year (see Notes 4(4)
     and 4(10)).

     When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint ventures, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
     recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
     obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the joint
     ventures is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in
     substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint ventures.

     Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated
     to the extent of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
     impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      177

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

(2) Joint ventures (continued)

          When the Group ceases to have joint control over a joint venture and has no significant influence on it, it is
          accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in
          the consolidated statement of profit or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit
          or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when joint control is lost is recognised at fair value
          and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).

(3) Associates

Associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control, or joint control. Significant
influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control
or joint control of those policies.

When judging whether there is any significant influence, the Group usually considers the following cases:

–  representation on the Board of Directors or equivalent governing body of the investee;

–  participation in policy-making processes;

–  material transactions between the entity and its investee.

Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity method.
Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share
of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any).
Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the associates’ net
assets. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of
the investments, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which investment is acquired.

The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the Group’s post-tax results of the associates for the year,
including any impairment loss on goodwill relating to the investment in the associates recognised for the year (see
Notes 4(4) and 4(10)).

When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associates, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and
recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the associates. For these purposes, the Group’s interest in the associates
is the carrying amount of the investment under equity method together with the Group’s interests that in substance
form part of the Group’s net investment in the associates.

Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the
extent of the Group’s interest in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment
of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate entity, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
or loss, previous other comprehensive income would be reclassified to profit or loss. Any interest retained in that
former investee at the date when significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded
as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note 4(5)).

(4) Goodwill

          Goodwill represents the excess of:

          (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest
                    based on the fair value of net assets acquired in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously
                    held equity interests in the acquiree; over

          (ii) the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

          When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
          purchase.

          Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated
          to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
          combination and tested at least annually for impairment (see Note 4(10)).
178  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (4) Goodwill (continued)

               On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation
               of the profit or loss on disposal.

     (5) Financial instruments

               Initial recognition

               A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one enterprise and a financial liability or
               equity instrument of another enterprise.

               All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised or derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular
               way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
               established by regulation or convention in the market place.

               At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
              receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15 Revenue
              from Contracts with Customers. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial
               assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss)
               are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial
               recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair
               value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

               The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
               and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the
               rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or
               received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
               through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the
               net carrying amount on initial recognition. When determining the effective interest rate, the Group estimates the
               future cash flow on the basis of considering all contract terms of financial assets or financial liabilities, but does not
               consider the expected credit losses.

     Classification and measurement of financial assets

     The Group classifies its financial assets into the following measurement categories at initial recognition: financial
     assets at amortised cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
     fair value through profit or loss.

     Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •  the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

     •  the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments

        of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (“SPPI”).

     Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
     comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

     •  the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual

        cash flows and selling; and

     •  the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments

        of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), except that at
     the date of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
     subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment, which is not held for trading, in other comprehensive
     income (“OCI”).
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            179

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

(5) Financial instruments (continued)

Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:

•  it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

•  on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages

   together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

•  it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective

   hedging instrument.

In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria
as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

Financial assets at amortised cost

Financial assets measured at amortised cost are subsequently measured with the effective interest method, and the
gains or losses arising from amortisation or impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Interest income is calculated
by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired,
interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset
in subsequent reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that
the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest
rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the
determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI

Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI as a result of interest
income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit
or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of debt instruments are recognised in OCI and accumulated
under the heading of investment revaluation reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with
corresponding adjustment to OCI without reducing the carrying amounts of debt instruments. The amounts that are
recognised in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if debt
instruments had been measured at amortised cost. When debt instruments are derecognised, the cumulative gains
or losses previously recognised in investment revaluation reserve are reclassified to profit or loss.

Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

At the date of initial application/initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-
by-instrument basis) to designate investments in equity instruments which are not held for trading as at FVTOCI.
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently,
they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and
accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative
gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to
retained earnings.

Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right
to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
investment. Dividends are included in the “other net income” line item in profit or loss.
180  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (5) Financial instruments (continued)

              Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

              Financial assets at FVTPL

               Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
               FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
               period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or
               loss includes fair value gains or losses, any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset, and is included in
               “other net income”.

     Impairment under ECL model

     The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit losses (“ECL”) model on financial assets which
     are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, including financial assets at amortised cost, debt
     instrument assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, leases receivable, loan commitments and
     financial guarantee contracts. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk
     since initial recognition.

     The Group assesses the ECL of financial assets with forward-looking information. 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
     represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12
     months after the reporting date. In contrast, lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
     events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. Assessment are done based on the factors that are specific
     to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
     as well as the forecast of future conditions.

     For the above financial instruments that apply the ECL model, except for the purchased or originated credit-impaired
     financial assets, an assessment of whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition is performed
     at each reporting period by the Group to determine whether to recognise lifetime ECL. When the credit risk of
     these financial instruments does not increase significantly after the initial recognition, the Group recognises a loss
     allowance for the financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL; in the event of a significant increase in
     credit risk, the Group recognises a loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. The Group recognises the loss
     allowance of receivables that result from transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts
     with customers at an amount equal to lifetime ECL.

     Significant increase in credit risk

     In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
     of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
     the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
     quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
     forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The assessment of whether the credit risk
     has increased significantly is detailed in Note 60(a).

     Credit-impaired financial assets

     The Group defines whether there is credit impairment based on the internal evaluation results of the credit risk
     management system for relevant financial assets. The Group considers that financial assets have been credit impaired
     when its loan classification is substandard, doubtful or loss or is more than 90 days overdue.

     Measurement and recognition of ECL

     ECL is measured based on the probability of default, loss given default and the exposure at default. The
     measurement and recognition of ECL are detailed in Note 60(a).

     Generally, ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
     accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
     interest rate determined at initial recognition.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                               181

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

(5) Financial instruments (continued)

Impairment under ECL model (continued)

Measurement and recognition of ECL (continued)

For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in
measuring the lease receivable in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases .

For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the
debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the expected credit losses is
the present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts
that the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.

For undrawn loan commitments, ECL is the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that
are due to the Group:

•  if the holder of the loan commitments draws down the loan, and

•  the cash flows that the Group expects to receive if the loan is drawn down.

The loss allowance for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts is recognised in profit or loss and
accumulated in provisions. As for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in OCI and
accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve without reducing the carrying amounts of these financial assets.
The loss allowance for other financial assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments is
recognised in profit or loss through a loss allowance account.

Classification and measurement of financial liabilities

Financial liabilities at FVTPL

Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) held for trading (including derivatives
belonging to financial liabilities) or (ii) designated as at FVTPL. Except for hedging accounting, financial liabilities
measured at FVTPL are subsequently measured at fair value and all changes in fair value are recognised in profit or
loss.

A financial liability is classified as held for trading if:

•  it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

•  on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages

   together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

•  it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective

   hedging instrument.

A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial
recognition if:

•  such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would

   otherwise arise; or

•  the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed

   and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk

   management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis;

   or

•  it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

   permits the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

Other financial liabilities

Except for financial liabilities at FVTPL, financial liabilities formed by the transfer of financial assets that do not meet
the conditions for derecognition or by continued involvement in transferred financial assets, financial guarantee
contract and loan commitment, other financial liabilities are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost, which
are subsequently measured at amortised cost and the gains or losses arising from derecognition or amortisation are
included in profit or loss.
182  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (5) Financial instruments (continued)

               Hedge accounting

               At the inception of a hedging relationship, the Group designates the hedging arrangement and prepares written
               documentation outlining the hedging relationship, risk management objectives, and risk management strategies.
               This documentation specifies the hedging instrument, hedged item, nature of the hedged risk, and the Group’s
               methodology for assessing hedge effectiveness. Hedge effectiveness refers to the extent to which changes in the
               fair value or cash flows of the hedging instrument offset changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item
               attributable to the hedged risk. The Group are continuously assessed hedging relationships for compliance with
               hedge effectiveness requirements, both at initial designation and in subsequent periods.

     Fair value hedge

     The gains or losses on the hedging instrument are recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss. When the
     hedging for the risk exposure relates to an non-trading equity instrument designated as at FVTOCI, the gains or
     losses on the hedging instrument are recognised in other comprehensive income.

     The carrying amount of the hedged item not already measured at fair value is adjusted for the gain or loss
     attributable to the risk being hedged and is taken to consolidated statement of profit or loss. The adjustment to the
     carrying amount of the hedged item is based on a recalculated effective interest rate at the date that amortisation
     begins and shall be amortised to consolidated statement of profit or loss if the hedged item is a financial instrument
     measured at amortised cost. Amortisation begins as soon as an adjustment exists but no later than when the
     hedged item ceases to be adjusted for hedging gains and losses. If the hedged item is debt instruments measured
     at FVTOCI, the amounts previously recorded as cumulative adjustments of hedging gains or losses are amortised in
     similar method and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The carrying amount of the hedged
     item is not adjusted.

     Cash flow hedge

     The effective portions of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualified as cash flow
     hedge are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in hedging reserve. Any gain or
     loss relating to an ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

     For cash flow hedge of a recognised asset or liability, the associated cumulative gain or loss is reclassified from
     hedging reserve to the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same period during which the hedged cash
     flows affect profit and loss. When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the
     criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss at that time remains in hedging reserve until the forecast
     transaction is ultimately recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is
     no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss is immediately reclassified to the consolidated statement of
     profit or loss.

     Hedge effectiveness testing

     The Group has elected to adopt the general hedge accounting in IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. This requires the
     Group to ensure that hedge accounting relationships are aligned with its risk management objectives and strategy
     and to apply a more qualitative and forward-looking approach to assessing hedge effectiveness.

     For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting
     changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging
     relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:

     •  there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;

     •  the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship;

        and

     •  the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged

        item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses

        to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

     If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the
     risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge
     ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   183

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

(5) Financial instruments (continued)

         Hedge accounting (continued)

         Hedge effectiveness testing (continued)

          If the hedging instrument has expired, been sold, terminated, or exercised (provided that a rollover or replacement
          that forms part of the hedging strategy is not treated as expiration or termination), or if changes in risk management
          objectives result in the hedging relationship no longer meeting the risk management objectives, or if the hedge no
          longer satisfies other criteria for hedge accounting, the Group discontinues the application of hedge accounting.

Specific items

Cash equivalents

Cash equivalents comprise investments that are short term, highly liquid, readily convertible into known amounts of
cash and subject to insignificant risk of changes in value, and unrestricted balances with the central banks, banks
and other financial institutions, and amounts held under resale agreements, with original maturity of 3 months or
less.

Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions

Banks refer to those institutions approved by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and other authorities. Other
financial institutions represent finance companies, insurance companies, investment trust companies and leasing
companies which are registered with the National Financial Regulatory Administration (“NFRA”) and under the
supervision of the NFRA and securities firms and investment fund companies which are registered with and under
the supervision of other regulatory authorities. Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions
are measured at amortised cost.

Resale and repurchase agreements

Amounts for purchase of financial assets under resale agreements are accounted for under “amounts held under
resale agreements”. Amounts from sale of financial assets under repurchase agreements are accounted for under
“amounts sold under repurchase agreements”.

The difference between the purchase and resale consideration or sale and repurchase consideration is amortised
over the period of the transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest income or expense
(as appropriate).

Financial investments

Equity investments are accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or equity investments
designated at fair value through other comprehensive income. Debt investments are classified as financial assets at
fair value through profit or loss, debt investments at amortised cost, debt investments at fair value through other
comprehensive income in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the
fair value option.

Loans and advances to customers

Loans and advances directly granted by the Group to customers and finance leases receivables are accounted for as
loans and advances to customers.

Loans and advances to customers are classified as loans and advances to customers at fair value through profit or
loss (loans and advances to customers at FVTPL), loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, loans and
advances to customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (loans and advances to customers at
FVTOCI) in accordance with the entity’s business model, contractual cash flow characteristics and the fair value
option.
184  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (5) Financial instruments (continued)

              Specific items (continued)

              Derivative financial instruments

               The Group’s derivative financial instruments mainly include forward, foreign currency swaps, interest rate swaps and
               option contracts undertaken in response to customers’ needs or for the Group’s own risk management purposes.
               The Group enters into derivative contracts with other banks and financial institutions that can conduct such business
               to hedge against risks arising from derivative transactions undertaken for customers.

               Derivative financial instruments are stated at fair value. Except for the gains or losses arising from the effective
               hedging portion of those derivatives in cash flow hedge and the gains or losses on the hedging instrument that
               hedges an non-trading equity instrument designated as at FVTOCI are recognised in other comprehensive income, all
               other gains or losses are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

     Embedded derivatives

     Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial
     Instruments are not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as
     either amortised cost or fair value as appropriate. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not
     financial assets within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments are treated as separate derivatives with the same
     terms when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics are not closely related to those
     of the host contracts and the hybrid contracts are not measured at FVTPL. Separated embedded derivatives are
     measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss unless they form part of a qualifying
     cash flow hedging relationship.

     Equity instruments

     The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognised in
     shareholders’ equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing self-issued equity
     instruments are deducted from shareholders’ equity.

     A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions (i) and (ii) below are met:

     (i) the financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
               another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that
               are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and

     (ii) if the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative
               instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own
               equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash
               or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.

     At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds and perpetual debt capitals issued or their
     components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic
     substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.

     For perpetual bonds and perpetual debt capitals issued that classified as equity instruments, any distribution
     of interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit appropriation. When the perpetual bonds and
     perpetual debt capitals are redeemed, the redeemed amount is charged to equity. Relevant transaction expenses are
     deducted from equity.

     At initial recognition of preference shares, the Group classifies the preference shares issued or their components
     as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their economic substance after
     considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.

     When the Group classifies preference shares issued as an equity instrument, fees, commissions and other transaction
     costs of preference shares issuance are deducted from equity. The dividends on preference shares are recognised as
     profit distribution at the time of declaration.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   185

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

(5) Financial instruments (continued)

Derecognition of financial instruments

(a) Financial assets

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
is derecognised when:

•                     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

•                     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset; or

•                     has retained its rights to receive cash flows from the asset but has assumed an obligation to pay them

                      in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either the

                      Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or

                      the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of

                      the financial asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

Where the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has retained its rights
to receive cash flows from the asset but has entered into a pass-through arrangement, and has neither
transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
asset, the asset and liability are recognised to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the asset.

When the Group’s continuing involvement takes the form of guaranteeing the transferred asset, the extent of
the Group’s continuing involvement at the time of transfer is the lower of (i) the amount of the asset and (ii)
the guarantee amount (the maximum amount that the Group could be required to repay in the consideration
received). When the Group continues to recognise an asset to the extent of its continuing involvement, the
Group also recognises an relevant liability as the sum of the guarantee amount and the fair value of the
guarantee contract (usually the consideration received for the provision of security).

When the Group has completed all necessary legal or other procedures and the financial assets measured
at amortized cost remain irrecoverable, the Group will decide to write off such financial assets and reverse
the corresponding allowance for credit losses. The write-off constitutes derecognition of the financial assets
measured at amortized cost. If the Group subsequently recovers any written-off financial assets measured at
amortized cost, the recovered amount shall reduce the impairment loss and be recognized in profit or loss for
the current period.

(b) Securitisation

As part of its operational activities, the Group securitises credit assets, generally through the sale of these
assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Interests in the securitised financial assets may
be retained in the form of senior or junior tranches, or other residual interests (retained interests).

When applying the accounting policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the
degree of transfer of risks and rewards on the transferred financial assets and the degree of control exercised
by the Group over the transferred financial assets:

•                     when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,

                      the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;

•                     when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets,

                      the Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and

•                     when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership

                      of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the financial

                      assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets and recognise

                      separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. If the

                      Group has retained control, it shall continue to recognise the financial assets to the extent of its

                      continuing involvement in the financial assets.
186  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (5) Financial instruments (continued)

              Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)

              (b) Securitisation (continued)

                         When a securitisation of financial assets does not qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are
                         not derecognised, and the consideration collected are recorded as a financial liability.

                         When the securitisation results in derecognition or partial derecognition of financial assets, the Group
                         allocates the carrying amount of the transferred financial assets between the financial assets derecognised
                         and the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of transfer. Gains or losses on
                         securitisation, which is the difference between the consideration received and the allocated carrying amount
                         of the financial assets derecognised, are recorded in “other net income”. The retained interests continue to
                         be recognised on the same basis before the securitisation.

     (c) Sales of assets on condition of repurchase

               Derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic substance
               of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or substantially
               the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will not derecognise
               the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial asset at its fair value
               at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group will derecognise the
               financial asset.

     (d) Financial liabilities

               A financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised when the obligation under the liability (or part of it) is
               discharged, cancelled or expired.

     Offsetting financial instruments

     Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial
     position when, and only when, the Group currently has there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised
     amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     187

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

(6) Property, equipment, investment property and depreciation

          Property, equipment and investment property, are stated at cost or deemed cost less accumulated depreciations and
          accumulated impairment losses. When the Group cannot separately measure the fair value of its leasehold interests
          in land and the associated buildings not held under operating leases as of the lease commencement date, such land
          and buildings shall be classified as fixed assets or investment properties.

          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of property, equipment and investment property over the following
          estimated useful lives, after taking into account an estimated residual value on a straight-line basis:

Land and buildings                                                             20 years

Investment properties                                                          20 years

Computer equipment                                                             3 years

Leasehold improvements (leased property)                                       3 years

Capitalized improvements (self-owned property)                                 the estimated useful lives

Aircraft, vessels and professional equipment                                   no more than 25 years

Other                                                                          3 – 5 years

Construction in progress represents property under construction and is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost
comprises the direct and indirect cost of construction. Construction in progress is transferred to an appropriate class
of property or other asset when the asset is ready for its intended use. No depreciation is provided for construction
in progress.

Subsequent expenditure relating to a property, equipment and investment property is capitalised only when it is
probable that future economic benefits associated with the property and equipment will flow to the Group. All other
expenditure are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense or included in the relevant
asset’s cost according to the benefit recipient as incurred.

Profits or losses on disposal of property, equipment and investment property are determined as the difference
between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the property, equipment and investment property,
and are accounted for in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they arise.

(7) Repossessed assets

          Repossessed assets (non-financial instruments) are initially recognized at fair value of the debt relinquished and
          presented under the “Other Assets” category. At the end of the reporting period, repossessed assets (non-financial
          instruments) are measured at the lower of carrying amount and recoverable amount. When the recoverable amount
          is lower than the carrying amount, an impairment provision is recognized for repossessed assets (non-financial
          instruments), which is recorded in the “Impairment losses on other assets” line item of the income statement.

          Repossessed assets (financial instruments) are detailed in Note 4(5).

(8) Intangible assets

          Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (only intangible assets with finite useful lives) and
          accumulated impairment losses (see Note 4(10)). Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged
          to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.

          Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite. The Group does not have
          intangible assets with useful lives assessed to be indefinite as at the end of the reporting period.

          The amortisation period of intangible assets is as follows:

Software and Other                                               Core deposit
2 – 20 years                                                     28 years

Both the periods and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.
188  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (9) Leases

               Definition of a lease

               A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
               period of time in exchange for consideration. The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on
              the definition under IFRS 16 Leases at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the
               terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

     As a lessee

     (a) Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

               For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
               the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
               stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     (b) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

               The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease
               arrangements in which it is the lessee, except for short-term leases (lease term of 12 months or less and
               do not contain a purchase option) and leases of low value assets (the value of assets is equivalent to below
               RMB35,000).

               Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-
               line basis over the lease term.

     (c) Right-of-use assets

     The right-of-use assets are presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.

     The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost. This cost includes:

     •                     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

     •                     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

     •                     any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and

     •                     whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the

                           site on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and

                           conditions of the lease, a provision is recognised and measured under IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent

                           Liabilities and Contingent Assets. The costs are included in the related right-of-use asset, unless those

                           costs are incurred to produce inventories.

     After the commencement date, the right-of-use assets are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation
     and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability. The Group recognises the
     depreciation of right-of-use assets as an operating expense on a straight-line basis. Right-of-use assets are
     depreciated over the shorter period of lease term and useful life of the underlying asset. If a lease transfers
     the ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group expects to
     exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated over the useful life of the underlying
     asset.

     Accounting policy for any identified right-of-use asset impairment loss are disclosed in Note 4(10).

     (d) Leasehold land and building

               For payments of a property interest which includes both leasehold land and building elements, the entire
               property is presented as property and equipment of the Group when the payments cannot be allocated
               reliably between the leasehold land and building elements, except for those that are classified and accounted
               for as investment properties.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                 189

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

(9) Leases (continued)

As a lessee (continued)

(e) Lease liabilities

Lease liability is presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.

Except for short-term leases and leases of low-value asset, lease liability is initially measured at the present
value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date using lessee’s incremental
borrowing rate as the discount rate.

Lease payments refer to the payment made by the lessee to the lessor in connection with the right to use
the leased assets during the lease term. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability
comprise:

•                     fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives;

•                     variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at

                      the commencement date;

•                     the exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options;

•                     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to

                      terminate the lease; and

•                     the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under remaining value guarantees.

After the beginning date of the lease term, the Group calculates the interest expense of the lease liability in
each period of the lease term at a fixed periodic interest rate, and recognised it in the current profit and loss
or related asset costs.

After the commencement date, the Group remeasures the lease liability according to the present value
calculated by the revised lease payment amount and the revised discount rate and makes a corresponding
adjustment to the related right-of-use asset whenever:

•                     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in

                      which case the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised

                      discount rate; or

•                     the lease payments change due to changes in an index or rate or a change in expected payment

                      under a guaranteed remaining value, in which cases the lease liability is remeasured by discounting

                      the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate. But if the change in lease payments results

                      from a change in floating interest rates, the lessee shall use a revised discount rate that reflects

                      changes in the interest rate.

As a lessor

Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. When the terms of the lease
transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease.
All other leases are classified as operating leases.

Where the Group is a lessor under finance leases, an amount representing the net investment in the lease is included
in the consolidated statement of financial position as “loans and advances to customers”. Unrecognised finance
income under finance leases are amortised using the effective interest method over the lease term. Accounting
policy for impairment losses are disclosed in Note 4(5).

When the Group is a lessor of an operating lease, income derived from operating lease is recognised in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-line method over the lease term. If initial direct costs
incurred in respect of the assets leased out are material, the costs are initially capitalised and subsequently amortised
in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as the lease income. Contingent lease income is charged to
profit or loss in the accounting period in which it is incurred.

When a contract includes lease and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
Customers to allocate the consideration under the contract to each component.
190  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (9) Leases (continued)

               As a buyer-lessor in a sale and leaseback transactions

              For a transfer of asset that does not meet the requirements of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
               to account for a sale of asset, the Group acting as a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and
               recognises loan and advance to customers at an amount that equals the transfer proceed within the scope of IFRS 9
              Financial Instruments.

     (10) Impairment on tangible and intangible assets other than impairment under
            ECL model

               The carrying amount of tangible and intangible assets including property and equipment, right-of-use assets,
               intangible assets, investment properties, interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, goodwill and other non-
               current assets are reviewed periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amount has declined below the
               carrying amount. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to the recoverable amount. The
               amount of impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. The recoverable amount
               of an asset is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense and present value of future expected cash flows. In
               assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present values.

               Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of the reporting period to identify any
               indications that other assets may be impaired.

               If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible assets
               that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable amount is
               estimated by the Group at the end of the reporting period whether or not there is any indication of impairment.

     –  Calculation of recoverable amount

        The recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is the greater of its fair value less disposal expense and the
        present value of future cash flows. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted
        to their present values using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of time value of
        money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent
        of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that
        generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

     –  Impairment losses recognised

        An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss whenever the carrying
        amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs exceeds its recoverable amount.
        Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
        amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
        carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
        carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs to sell, or value in use,
        if determinable.

     (11) Precious metals

               Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost
               and subsequently measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Precious metals that are related to the
               Group’s trading activities are initially recognised at fair value, with changes in fair value arising from remeasurement
               recognised directly in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     191

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

(12) Financial guarantee issued, provisions and contingent liabilities

          Financial guarantees issued

          Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to
          reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails to
          make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The provision of financial guarantees
          issued is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with accounting policy set out
          in Note 4(5).

Provisions and contingent liabilities

Except for contingent consideration and contingent liabilities assumed in business combinations not under the
same control, Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or
constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is highly probable that an outflow of economic benefits
will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. A provision is initially measured
at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present obligation. Factors pertaining to a
contingency such as the risks, uncertainties and time value of money are taken into account as a whole in reaching
the best estimate. The Group reviews the carrying amount of provisions at each balance sheet date and adjusts them
as appropriate to reflect the current best estimate.

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is
remote.

(13) Income recognition

          Revenue is the inflow of economic benefits that the Group has formed in its daily activities that will result in an
          increase in shareholders’ equity and have nothing to do with the capital invested by shareholders.

Net interest income

Interest income and expense for all financial instruments except for those classified as at FVTPL are recognised in
“Interest income” and “Interest expense” in the profit or loss account using the effective interest method. Interest
on financial instruments measured as at FVTPL is included within the fair value movement during the period, which
is recognised in “Other net income”.

Dividend income
Dividend income from investments is recognised when the dividend is declared and approved by the investee.

Rental income

Income derived from operating leases is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss using the straight-
line method over the lease term.
192  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (13) Income recognition (continued)

     Fee and commission income

     Under IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance
     obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation
     is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
     of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. For contracts that contain more than one performance
     obligation, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling
     price basis, except for the allocation of discounts and variable consideration.

     The stand-alone selling price of the distinct goods or service underlying each performance obligation is determined
     at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised goods or service separately
     to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate
     techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of
     consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services
     to the customer.

     For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will
     be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method
     better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The estimated amount of variable
     consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion
     will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable
     consideration is subsequently resolved. At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated
     transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained)
     to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances
     during the reporting period.

     For each performance obligation identified, the Group determines at contract inception whether it satisfies the
     performance obligation over time or satisfies the performance obligation at a point in time. Control is transferred
     over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
     relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •  the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the

        Group performs;

     •  the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs;

        or

     •  the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has

        an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time.

     If the revenue is recognised over time, the Group recognises revenue in accordance with the progress towards
     complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
     obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements
     of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services
     promised under the contract, that best depicts the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                        193

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

(13) Income recognition (continued)

Fee and commission income (continued)

If revenue is recognised at a point in time, the Group recognises the revenue when the customer obtains control
of the distinct good or service. To determine the point in time at which a customer obtains control of a promised
service, the following indicators of the transfer of control should also be considered. They include, but are not
limited to:

•  the Group has a present right to payment for the goods or services;

•  the Group has transferred physical possession of the goods;

•  the customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;

•  the customer has accepted the goods or services.

When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the
nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a
principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

The Group is a principal if it can control the goods or service before transferring it to customers. The Group is an
agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or service by another party.
In this case, the Group does not control the specified goods or service provided by another party before that goods
or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount
of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or
services to be provided by the other party.

A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional
right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group
has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

(14) Taxation

          Current income tax and movements in deferred tax balances are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit
          or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in
          equity.

          Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially
          enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

          Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
          consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred
          tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
          recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of
          assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time
          of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. The amount of deferred
          tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and
          liabilities, using tax rates of expected returns of the assets or the repayment of the liabilities. Deferred tax assets and
          liabilities are not discounted.

          A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
          against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced by the extent that it is no longer probable
          that the related tax benefit will be realised.
194  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (14) Taxation (continued)

     The Group shall recognise a deferred tax asset for all deductible temporary differences associated with investments
     in subsidiaries and interests in associates and joint ventures that both of the following conditions are satisfied: the
     temporary differences are likely to be reversed in the foreseeable future; and it is probably to obtain the taxable
     income used to offset the deductible temporary difference in the future. The Group shall recognise a deferred tax
     liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and interests in associates
     and joint ventures, except where both of the following conditions are satisfied: the investor is able to control the
     timing of the reversal of the temporary difference; and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
     in the foreseeable future.

     Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other
     and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
     deferred tax liabilities if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
     liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

     •  in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise

        the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

     •  in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation

        authority on either:

        –                  the same taxable entity; or

        –                  different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax

                           liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and

                           settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

     (15) Foreign currencies translations

     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
     entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the
     transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated
     at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
     currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value is determined. Non-monetary items
     that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

     Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise except for:

     •  exchange differences on transactions entered into as part of the effective portion of a hedge on certain

        foreign currency risks; or

     •  exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which

        settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign

        operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit

        or loss on repayment of the monetary items.

     For the purposes of presenting these consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
     foreign operations are translated into currency units using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
     period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates
     fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used.
     Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in exchange
     reserve (and attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

     On the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange differences accumulated in exchange reserve in respect
     of that operation attributable to the owners of the Bank are reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or
     loss.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            195

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

(16) Employee benefits

          Salaries and staff welfare
          Salaries, bonuses and other benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by
          employees.

Post-employment benefits

The Group participates in a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes managed by different
provincial governments or independent insurance companies. Obligation for contributions to these schemes are
jointly borne by the Group and the staff, and contributions paid by the Group are recognised as an expense in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.

The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating
the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods, discounting that amount
and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.

The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for the Group, the recognised asset is limited to
the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in
future contributions to the plan. To calculate the present value of economic benefits, consideration is given to any
applicable minimum funding requirements.

Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan
assets (excluding interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, excluding interest), are recognised immediately
in other comprehensive income. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit
liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the
beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined benefit liability (asset), taking into account any changes
in the net defined benefit liability (asset) during the period as a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net
interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in personnel expenses in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss.

When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to
past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The Group recognises gains
and losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan when the settlement occurs.
196  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     4. Material accounting policy information (continued)

     (17) Related parties

               For the purposes of these consolidated financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if
               the Group has the ability, directly, indirectly or jointly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over
               the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject
               to control, common control or common significant influence by the same third party (except that the Group and
               the party are subject to common significant influence by the same third party of the other party). Related parties
               may be individuals (being members of key management personnel, significant shareholders and/or their close
               family members) or other entities and include entities which are under the significant influence of related parties
               of the Group where those parties are individuals, and post-employment benefit plans which are for the benefit of
               employees of the Group or of any entity that is a related party of the Group.

     (18) Segmental reporting

               Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are
               identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for
               the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and
               geographical locations. Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
               unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
               services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the
               products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not
               individually material may be aggregated if they meet most of these criteria.

     (19) Fiduciary activities

               The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity in entrusted loan and entrusted investment business. Assets held by the Group
               and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated statement of
               financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers. The Group only charges a relevant
               commission.

     (20) Dividends or profit distributions

               Dividends or profit distributions are recognised as a liability in the year in which they are approved and declared.

     (21) General reserve

               The general reserve is an integral part of equity. According to the relevant regulations, in addition to the impairment
               allowances, the Bank maintains a general reserve to make up for unidentified potential losses. The balance of
               general reserve includes 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets, country risk provisions allocated as required by
               regulations for country risk exposures with medium, high, and very high country risk ratings and 2.5% of the income
               of mutual fund custody businesses. The general reserve of the Group also includes the general reserve maintained
               by the subsidiaries of the Group according to the applicable laws and regulations of their industry or region.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   197

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

5. Significant accounting estimates and judgements

          In determining the carrying amounts of some assets and liabilities, the Group makes assumptions for the effects
          of uncertain future events on the assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. These estimates involve
          assumptions about cash flows and the discount rates used. The Group’s estimates and assumptions are based on
          historical experience and expectations of future events and are reviewed periodically. In addition to the assumptions
          and estimations of future events, judgements are also made during the process of applying the Group’s accounting
          policies.

(1) Control over structured entity

          When acting as an asset manager or investor in structured entities, the Group needs to make significant judgment in
          determining whether it controls those structured entities and consequently consolidates them. The Group evaluates
          the contractual rights and obligations under the transaction structure, analyses and tests the variable returns of
          the structured entities, and assesses whether it has the ability to use its power to influence those variable returns.
          Where the Group acts as asset manager of structured entities, the Group makes judgement on whether it is the
          principal or an agent to assess whether the Group controls the structured entities and should consolidate them.
          When performing this assessment, the Group considers several factors including, among others, the scope of its
          decision-making authority over the structured entities, the rights held by other parties, the remuneration to which it
          is entitled in accordance with the related agreements for the assets management services, the Group’s exposure to
          variability of returns from interests that it holds in the structured entities.

(2) Classification of financial assets

          Classification and measurement of financial assets of the Group involves significant judgement on business model.
          The Group determines the business model at a level that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed
          together to achieve a particular business objective. Specific considerations include how the performance of the
          assets is evaluated and measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and how these are managed
          and how the managers of the assets are compensated.

(3) Derecognition of financial assets transferred

In its normal course of business, the Group transfers its financial assets through various types of transactions
including regular way sales and transfers, securitisation, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. The
Group applies significant judgement and estimate in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets and
qualified for a full derecognition.

Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transfers financial assets to structured entities, the
Group analyses whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities indicates
that it controls these structured entities and the Group needs to consolidate them. This will determine whether the
following derecognition analysis should be conducted at the consolidated level or at the entity level from which the
financial assets are transferred.

The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
derecognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:

•  whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the transfer

   qualifies for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties;

•  the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred.

   Significant judgement and estimate is applied in the Group’s estimation with regard to the cash flows before

   and after the transfers and other factors that affect the outcomes of the Group’s assessment on the extent

   that risks and rewards are transferred.
198  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     5. Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)

     (4) Impairment under ECL model

     •  Significant increase in credit risk: ECL is measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,

        or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased

        significantly since initial recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly

        increased, the Group takes into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-

        looking information. Refer to Note 60(a)(ii) for more details.

     •  Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics: When ECLs are measured on a collective

        basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk characteristics. Refer to Note 60(a)(v)

        for details of the characteristics considered in this judgement. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the

        credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess whether they continue to be similar. This is required

        in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is appropriate re-segmentation of the

        assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing portfolio that better

        reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets.

     •  Models and assumptions used: The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement

        is applied in identifying the most appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the

        assumptions used in these models, including assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk. Refer to

        Note 60(a)(iii) for more details.

     •  Forward-looking information: When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward-

        looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers

        and how these drivers will affect each other. Refer to Note 60(a)(iv) for more details.

     •  Probability of Default (“PD”): PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood

        of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and

        expectations of future conditions. Refer to Note 60(a) (iii) for more details.

     •  Loss Given Default (“LGD”): LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference

        between the contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into

        account cash flows from collateral and integral credit enhancements. Refer to Note 60(a)(iii) for more details.

     (5) Fair value of financial instruments

               For a number of financial instruments, no quoted prices in an active market exist. The fair value for these financial
               instruments are established by using valuation techniques. These techniques include using recent arm’s length
               market transactions, reference to the current fair value of similar instruments, discounted cash flow analysis or
               option pricing models. The Group has established a process to ensure that valuation techniques are constructed by
               qualified personnel and are validated and reviewed by personnel independent of the business unit that constructed
               the valuation techniques. Valuation techniques are certified before being implemented for valuation and are
               calibrated to ensure that outputs reflect actual market conditions. Valuation models established by the Group make
               the maximum use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on the Group’s specific data. However, it should be
               noted that some inputs, such as credit and counterparty risk and risk correlations, require management estimates.
               Management estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and adjusted if necessary. If the fair value is
               measured using third party information such as broker quotes or pricing services, the valuation team will evaluate
               the evidence obtained from third party to support the conclusion that the relevant valuation meets the requirements
               of IFRS Accounting Standards, including the category of the relevant valuation at the appropriate level in the fair
               value hierarchy.

     (6) Income taxes

               Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The
               Group carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax
               treatment of such transactions is reviewed periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislations. Deferred
               tax assets are recognised for tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax
               assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against
               which the unused tax credits can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future
               taxable profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if
               it becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                          199

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

5. Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)

(7) Impairment of goodwill

          The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis and when circumstances indicate
          that the carrying value may be impaired. This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGU or
          group of CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the recoverable amount requires the Group to make
          an estimate of the expected future cash flows from CGU or group of CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount
          rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. Where the actual future cash flows are less than
          expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward
          revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise.

6. Interest income

Loans and advances to customers                                                  2025      2024
   – Corporate loans and advances
   – Retail loans and advances                                               233,547   260,573
   – Discounted bills                                                         85,688    93,282

Balances with central banks                                                  144,315   161,740
Balances with banks and other financial institutions                            3,544     5,551
Placements with banks and other financial institutions                          8,864     9,698
Amounts held under resale agreements                                            2,648     2,768
Financial investments
                                                                              12,184    12,433
   – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                 2,631     3,875
   – Debt investments at amortised cost
                                                                              91,477    84,924
Total                                                                         33,178    28,699
                                                                              58,299    56,225

                                                                             351,351   374,271

Note:  For the year ended 31 December 2025, included in the above is the interest income of RMB7,719 million from loans and advances to
       customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (2024: RMB8,868 million).

7. Interest expense                                                              2025      2024

          Deposits from customers                                            107,869   130,824
          Borrowing from central banks                                          2,505     4,428
          Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                  9,102     8,277
          Placements from banks and other financial institutions and others     8,378     9,251
          Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                              2,521     2,558
          Debt securities issued                                                5,383     7,656
          Total
                                                                             135,758   162,994

8. Fee and commission income                                                   2025      2024

          Fees and commissions from wealth management                        26,711    22,005
          Fees and commissions from asset management                         11,927    10,751
          Bank cards fees                                                    13,643    16,761
          Settlement and clearing fees                                       15,465    15,505
          Commissions from credit commitment and lending business
          Commissions from custody business                                   3,961     4,219
          Other                                                               5,375     4,891
          Total                                                               7,183     6,908

                                                                             84,265    81,040
200  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     9. Other net income

     Net gains/(losses) from fair value change                            2025       2024
        – financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
        – derivatives instruments                                       (8,160)     6,085
        – precious metals                                               (9,561)     6,498

     Net investment income                                                  139       (357)
        – financial instruments at FVTPL                                 1,262          (56)
        – gain on disposal of financial assets at amortised cost        31,364
        – gain on disposal of debt instruments at FVTOCI                19,146     27,248
           – of which: gain on disposal of bills                         1,607     14,723
        – dividend income from equity investments designated at FVTOCI   9,271
        – other                                                                     4,045
                                                                            711     7,295
     Foreign exchange gain                                               1,100      1,224
     Other income
                                                                            240        947
        – income on operating leases                                     3,228         238
     Other                                                              13,320      4,026
                                                                        13,320     12,709
     Total                                                               1,197     12,709
                                                                                    1,050
                                                                        40,949
                                                                                   51,118

     10. Operating expenses

     Staff costs                                                            2025       2024
        – Salaries and bonuses
        – Social insurance and corporate supplemental insurance          68,689     68,088
        – Other                                                          52,680     52,627
                                                                         10,138
     Tax and surcharges                                                               8,013
     Depreciation of property and equipment and investment properties      5,871      7,448
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                     3,097      2,950
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 11,613     11,454
     Short-term leases expense and leases of low-value assets expense
     Other general and administrative expenses (note)                         441        680
                                                                           3,928      4,107
     Total
                                                                              179        183
                                                                         30,558     30,188

                                                                        118,505    117,650

     Note:  Auditors’ remuneration amounting to RMB28 million for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB27 million) is included in other general
            and administrative expenses.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                         201

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments

The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows:

                                                                         2025

                                       Directors’ fees        Salaries,  Discretionary      Retirement        Total
                                              RMB’000     allowances            bonuses          scheme  RMB’000
                                                        and benefits           RMB’000
                                                                                         contributions
                                                               in kind                         RMB’000
                                                             RMB’000

Executive directors                    –                         2,971            –      –               2,971
Wang Liang
Zhong Desheng                          –                         2,826            –      –               2,826

Subtotal                               –                         5,797            –      –               5,797

The executive director’s emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the

affairs of the Bank and the Group.

Non-executive directors

Miao Jianmin                           –                         –                –      –                         –

Shi Dai                                –                         –                –      –                         –

Deng Renjie (ii)                       –                         –                –      –                         –

Jiang Chaoyang (ii)                    –                         –                –      –                         –

Zhu Eric Liwei (iii)                   –                         –                –      –                         –

Huang Jian (iv)                        –                         –                –      –                         –

Ma Xianghui (ii)                       –                         –                –      –                         –

Subtotal                               –                         –                –      –                         –

The non-executive directors shown above did not receive remuneration from the Bank.

Independent non-executive

directors

Tian Hongqi                            485                       –                –      –                         485

Li Chaoxian                            485                       –                –      –                         485

Shi Yongdong                           485                       –                –      –                         485

Li Jian                                485                       –                –      –                         485

Wong Yuk Shan (ii)                     2                         –                –      –                         2

Lu Liping (ii)                         1                         –                –      –                         1

Subtotal                               1,943                     –                –      –               1,943

The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Bank.

Former executive, non-executive

directors and supervisors

Sun Yunfei (v)                         –                         –                –      –                         –

Zhang Jian (vi)                        –                         –                –      –                         –

Chen Dong (iv)                         –                         –                –      –                         –

Zhu Jiangtao (vii)                     –                         1,167            –      –               1,167

Li Menggang (v)                        483                       –                –      –                         483

Liu Qiao (v)                           484                       –                –      –                         484

Luo Sheng (viii)                       –                         –                –      –                         –

Li Jinming (ix)                        –                         –                –      –                         –

Wu Heng (ix)                           –                         –                –      –                         –

Xu Zhengjun (x)                        194                       –                –      –                         194

Cai Hongping (ix)                      385                       –                –      –                         385

Zhang Xiang (ix)                       385                       –                –      –                         385

Cai Jin (x)                            –                         757              –      –                         757

Cao Jian (ix)                          –                         1,808            –      –               1,808

Yang Sheng (ix)                        –                         1,813            –      –               1,813

Subtotal                               1,931                     5,545            –      –               7,476

The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as

directors or supervisors of the Bank.

Total                                  3,874                     11,342           –      –               15,216
202  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)

     The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows: (continued)

     Notes:

     (i)     The aggregate pre-tax remuneration of full-time Executive Directors and senior management of the Company is still being verified. The

             remaining part will be disclosed separately upon the completion of confirmation and payment.

     (ii)    In June 2025, according to the resolutions passed at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Mr. Deng Renjie, Mr. Jiang Chaoyang

             and Mr. Ma Xianghui were elected as the Non-Executive Directors of the Company, and their qualifications as the Directors were approved

             by the National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA) in October 2025, October 2025 and December 2025, respectively. Mr. Wong Yuk

             Shan and Mr. Lu Liping were elected as the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company, and their qualifications as the Independent

             Directors were approved by the NFRA in December 2025.

     (iii)   In January 2025, the qualification of Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei as the Director was approved by the NFRA.

     (iv)    In March 2025, the qualification of Mr. Huang Jian as the Director was approved by the NFRA, and Mr. Chen Dong ceased to be the Non-

             Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work arrangement.

     (v)     In December 2025, Mr. Sun Yunfei ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to his age, and Mr. Li Menggang and Mr. Liu

             Qiao ceased to be the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company due to the expiry of their term of office.

     (vi)    In February 2025, Mr. Zhang Jian ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work arrangement.

     (vii)   In May 2025, Mr. Zhu Jiangtao ceased to be the Executive Director of the Company due to the work arrangement.

     (viii) In March 2025, Mr. Luo Sheng ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to personal work arrangement.

     (ix)    In December 2025, the Articles of Association of China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. (2025 Revision) were approved by the National Financial

             Regulatory Administration and came into effect. In accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association, the Company shall cease to have

             the Board of Supervisors, and Mr. Li Jinming, Mr. Wu Heng, Mr. Cai Hongping, Mr. Zhang Xiang, Mr. Cao Jian and Mr. Yang Sheng ceased to

             be the Supervisors of the Company.

     (x)     In June 2025, Mr. Xu Zhengjun ceased to be the External Supervisor of the Company due to the expiry of his term of office. Ms. Cai Jin ceased

             to be the Employee Supervisor of the Company due to her age.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                           203

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)

The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows: (continued)

                                       Directors’ fees       Salaries,       2024         Retirement        Total
                                             RMB’000      allowances                           scheme  RMB’000
                                                        and benefits     Discretionary
                                                                               bonuses  contributions      2,962
                                                               in kind       RMB’000         RMB’000       2,790
                                                            RMB’000                                        2,793
                                                                                                           8,545
Executive directors                    –                         2,962   –                    –
Wang Liang
Zhong Desheng (i)                      –                         2,790   –                    –
Zhu Jiangtao
                                       –                         2,793   –                    –
Subtotal
                                       –                         8,545   –                    –

The executive director’s emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the

affairs of the Bank and the Group.

Non-executive directors

Miao Jianmin                           –                         –       –                    –                    –

Shi Dai (i)                            –                         –       –                    –                    –

Sun Yunfei                             –                         –       –                    –                    –

Zhang Jian (ii)                        –                         –       –                    –                    –

Chen Dong (iii)                        –                         –       –                    –                    –

Zhu Eric Liwei (i)                     –                         –       –                    –                    –

Huang Jian (iv)                        –                         –       –                    –                    –

Subtotal                               –                         –       –                    –                    –

The non-executive directors shown above did not receive remuneration from the Bank.

Independent non-executive

directors and supervisors

Li Menggang                            500                       –       –                    –                    500

Liu Qiao                               500                       –       –                    –                    500

Tian Hongqi                            500                       –       –                    –                    500

Li Chaoxian                            500                       –       –                    –                    500

Shi Yongdong                           500                       –       –                    –                    500

Li Jian (i)                            74                        –       –                    –                    74

Li Jinming (v)                         –                         –       –                    –                    –

Wu Heng                                –                         –       –                    –                    –

Luo Sheng (vi)                         –                         –       –                    –                    –

Xu Zhengjun                            400                       –       –                    –                    400

Cai Hongping                           400                       –       –                    –                    400

Zhang Xiang                            400                       –       –                    –                    400

Cai Jin                                –                         1,433   –                    –                    1,433

Cao Jian                               –                         1,788   –                    –                    1,788

Yang Sheng                             –                         1,900   –                    –                    1,900

Subtotal                               3,774                     5,121   –                    –                    8,895

The independent non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors or

supervisors of the Bank.

Former executive, non-executive

directors and supervisors

Hu Jianhua (vii)                       –                         –       –                    –                    –

Zhou Song (viii)                       –                         –       –                    –                    –

Hong Xiaoyuan (vii)                    –                         –       –                    –                    –

Wong See Hong (ix)                     426                       –       –                    –                    426

Peng Bihong (x)                        –                         –       –                    –                    –

Subtotal                               426                       –       –                    –                    426

The former executive, non-executive directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as

directors or supervisors of the Bank.

Total                                  4,200                     13,666  –                    –        17,866
204  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     11. Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)

     The emoluments of the Directors and Supervisors during the year were as follows: (continued)

     Notes:

     (i)     In June 2024, according to the resolutions passed at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Ms. Li Jian was elected as an

             Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, whose qualification as the Independent Director was approved by the National Financial

             Regulatory Administration (NFRA) in November 2024; Ms. Shi Dai and Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei were elected as the Non-Executive Directors of the

             Company, and the qualifications of Ms. Shi Dai and Mr. Zhu Eric Liwei as the Directors were approved by the NFRA in August 2024 and

             January 2025; Mr. Zhong Desheng was elected as an Executive Director of the Company, and his qualification as the Director was approved by

             the NFRA in December 2024, the emolument of Mr. Zhong Desheng shown above included the portion for his services before his qualification

             as the Director was approved by the NFRA during the year.

     (ii)    In February 2025, Mr. Zhang Jian ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work arrangement.

     (iii)   In March 2025, Mr. Chen Dong ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work arrangement.

     (iv)    In March 2025, the qualification of Mr. Huang Jian as the Director was approved by the NFRA.

     (v)     In June 2024, according to the relevant resolution passed at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company, Mr. Li Jinming was elected as

             the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company.

     (vi)    In March 2025, Mr. Luo Sheng ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to personal work arrangement.

     (vii)   In January 2024, Mr. Hu Jianhua and Mr. Hong Xiaoyuan ceased to be Non-Executive Directors of the Company due to their ages.

     (viii) In July 2024, Mr. Zhou Song ceased to be the Non-Executive Director of the Company due to the change of work arrangement.

     (ix)    In November 2024, Mr. Wong See Hong ceased to be the Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company due to expiry of his term of

             office.

     (x)     In January 2024, Mr. Peng Bihong ceased to be the Shareholder Supervisor of the Company due to the change of work arrangement.

     During the years of 2025 and 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are directors
     or supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

     During the years of 2025 and 2024, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor waived or
     agreed to waive any remuneration.

     12. Five highest paid individuals

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the five (2024: five) highest paid individuals included five persons in
     total. Of these highest paid individuals, two (2024: three) were directors of the Bank whose emoluments were
     included in Note 11 above. The aggregate emolument of the remaining three (2024: two) highest paid individuals
     who were not directors of the Bank is as follows:

     Salaries and other emoluments                                                                              2025                        2024
     Discretionary bonuses                                                                                 RMB’000                     RMB’000
     Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes
                                                                                                                8,499                      5,584
     Total                                                                                                            –                          –
                                                                                                                      –                          –

                                                                                                                8,499                      5,584

     These highest paid individuals who were neither directors nor supervisors of the Bank whose emoluments fell within
     the following bands is set out below:

     HKD                                                                                                   2025                              2024
     2,500,001 – 3,000,000
     3,000,001 – 3,500,000                                                                                      –                                 2
     3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                                      3                                 –
     4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                                                      –                                 –
     4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                                                      –                                 –
                                                                                                                –                                 –

     During the years of 2025 and 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are five
     highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                               205

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                                                     2024
                                                                                                    25
13. Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers                                          33

Loans to directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Group are as follows:  2025
                                                                                        30
Aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group outstanding                        33
   at year end

Maximum aggregate amount of relevant loans made by the Group
   outstanding during the year

14. Expected credit losses                                                             2025        2024

          Loans and advances to customers                                            42,582      43,608
             – Loans and advances at amortised cost (Note 22(c)(i))                  43,268      41,400
             – Loans and advances at FVTOCI (Note 22(c)(ii))
                                                                                        (686)     2,208
          Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions                       (377)     1,371
          Financial investments                                                      (2,889)     (2,400)
                                                                                     (2,181)     (4,130)
             – Debt investments at amortised cost (Note 23(b)(iii))                     (708)     1,730
             – Debt investments at FVTOCI (Note 23(c)(ii))                               299     (2,703)
          Financial guarantees and loan commitments
          Other                                                                           (29)       100
          Total
                                                                                     39,586      39,976

15. Income tax

(a) Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

Current income tax expense                                                             2025        2024
   – Mainland China
   – Hong Kong                                                                       29,640      28,929
   – Overseas                                                                        27,480      27,174

Deferred taxation                                                                     1,825       1,511
                                                                                         335         244
Total                                                                                                164
                                                                                     (1,773)
                                                                                                 29,093
                                                                                     27,867

(b) A reconciliation of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit
       or loss and that calculated at the applicable statutory tax rate is as follows:

Profit before taxation                                                                   2025        2024
Tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate of 25% (2024: 25%)
Tax effects of the following items:                                                  178,993     178,652
                                                                                      44,748      44,663
   – Effects of tax reduction and exemption policies                                 (16,881)    (15,570)
   – Effects of costs, expenses and losses not deductible for tax purpose            (22,085)    (18,505)
   – Effects of different applicable rates in other jurisdictions (note (i))            7,116       4,283
   – Tax effect of perpetual bond/perpetual debt capital interest expense                 (696)       (300)
   – Other                                                                             (1,328)     (1,170)
                                                                                           112         122
Income tax expense
                                                                                      27,867      29,093

Note:  Taxation for Hong Kong and overseas operations are charged at the applicable rates of tax prevailing in relevant regions.
(i)
(ii)   The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two rules. As at 31 December 2025, Pillar Two legislation has become effective in some of the
       countries and regions where the Group has operations. The Group applies the exception to recognising and disclosing information about
       deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes. As at 31
       December 2025, the top-up tax has no significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
206  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     16. Other comprehensive income

     (a) Income tax effects relating to each component of other comprehensive income

                                                                               2025                                       2024
                                                                                                                       Tax benefit/
                                                                     Before-tax Tax benefit/  Net-of-tax   Before-tax                Net-of-tax
                                                                        amount (expense)        amount       amount      (expense)     amount
                                                                                                 (20,683)                   (6,486)     23,770
     Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss   (25,695)  5,012                          30,256
       – Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at  (17,902)  4,651             (13,251)                               16,423
          FVTOCI                                                      (1,433)                              21,913      (5,490)
       – Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments               361              (1,072)                                3,000
          measured at FVTOCI                                             (41)      –                 (41)  4,004       (1,004)              (36)
       – Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve                      (3,144)      –                         (44)           8
       – Share of other comprehensive income from                     (3,175)      –              (3,144)                                2,452
          equity-accounted investees                                                                       2,452       –
       – Exchange difference on translation of financial statements                               (3,175)                                1,931
          of foreign operations                                                                    2,612   1,931       –                 2,923

     Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss           2,766     (154)               2,603   3,125       (202)             2,903
                                                                                                        9                                   20
     – Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at
                                                                                                 (18,071)                               26,693
     FVTOCI                                                          2,755     (152)                        3,101        (198)
                                                                                                               24          (4)
     – Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                       11              (2)
                                                                                                           33,381      (6,688)
     Other comprehensive income                                      (22,929)  4,858

     (b) Movements relating to components of other comprehensive income are as
            follows:

     Net fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at FVTOCI                                        2025                     2024
        Changes in fair value recognised during the year                                                    (6,298)                  21,894
        Reclassification adjustments for amounts transferred to profit or                                   (6,953)                  (5,471)
           loss upon disposal                                                                              (13,251)                  16,423

     Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year                                         (1,072)                   3,000
        recognised in other comprehensive income                                                            (1,072)                   3,000
                                                                                                             2,603                    2,903
     Net changes in expected credit losses of debt instruments measured at                                   2,603                    2,903
        FVTOCI
        Changes in expected credit losses recognised during the year                                             (43)                     (33)
                                                                                                                    2                      (3)
     Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
        recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                 (41)                     (36)

     Net fair value gain on equity instruments designated at FVTOCI
        Changes in fair value recognised during the year

     Net movement in investment revaluation reserve during the year
        recognised in other comprehensive income

     Net movement in cash flow hedge reserve
        Effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments
        Reclassification adjustment for realised gain to profit or loss

     Net movement in hedging reserve during the year recognised in other
        comprehensive income
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                           207

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

17. Earnings per share

The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
Bank and the weighted average number of shares in issue for the year.

Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank                     2025                                                        2024
Less: Net profit attributable to preference shareholders of the Bank
                                                                      150,181                                                     148,391
       Net profit attributable to holders of perpetual bonds               (996)                                                       (996)
Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank
Weighted average number of shares in issue (in million shares)          (5,311)                                                     (4,585)
Basic and diluted earnings per share (in RMB Yuan)                    143,874                                                     142,810

                                                                       25,220                                                      25,220
                                                                           5.70                                                        5.66

Note:

The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2017 and non-cumulative perpetual bonds in 2020, 2021, 2023, 2024 and 2025. For the purpose
of calculating basic earnings per share, dividends on non-cumulative preference shares and interests on non-cumulative perpetual bonds declared during
the year have been deducted from the amounts attributable to equity holders of the Bank.

The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to be contingently issuable ordinary shares. The triggering events of conversion did not occur
as of 31 December 2025 and 2024. Therefore the conversion feature of preference shares has no effect on the diluted earnings per share calculation for
both years.

The non-cumulative perpetual bonds issued by the Bank do not contain equity conversion clauses.

18. Balances with central banks

Statutory deposit reserve (note (i))                                      2025                                                        2024
Surplus deposit reserve (note (ii))
Other deposits with central banks (note (iii))                        502,368                                                     507,018
Accrued interest                                                       49,783                                                      30,335
                                                                         7,816                                                     19,813
Total                                                                       240                                                         277

                                                                      560,207                                                     557,443

Notes:

(i)     Statutory deposit reserve funds are deposited with The PBOC and other central banks outside the Chinese mainland as required and are not

        available for the Group’s daily operations. The statutory deposit reserve funds of the Bank’s institutions located in the mainland China are

        calculated at 5.5% and 4% of eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024:

        6% and 4% of eligible RMB deposits and foreign currency deposits respectively). Eligible deposits include deposits from government authorities

        and other organisations, retail deposits, corporate deposits, and net credit balances of entrusted business and RMB deposits placed by financial

        institutions outside the mainland China. The amounts of statutory deposit reserves placed with the central banks of overseas countries are

        determined by local jurisdictions.

(ii)    Surplus deposit reserve maintained with the PBOC and central banks outside the mainland China are mainly for clearing and settlement

        purposes.

(iii)   Other deposits with central banks primarily represent fiscal deposits and foreign exchange reserve placed with the PBOC.
208  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     19. Balances with banks and other financial institutions

     Principal (a)                                                        2025        2024
     Impairment allowances (a)(b)                                     199,955     220,549
     Subtotal
     Accrued interest                                                      (447)       (830)
     Total                                                            199,508     219,719

                                                                            891         512
                                                                      200,399     220,231

     (a) Analysed by nature of counterparties                             2025        2024
                                                                                  176,929
               In the mainland China                                  165,368     166,974
                  – Banks                                             152,454
                  – Other financial institutions                                     9,955
                                                                       12,914      43,620
               Outside the mainland China                                          43,042
                  – Banks                                              34,587
                  – Other financial institutions                       34,171           578
                                                                                  220,549
               Total                                                        416
               Less: Impairment allowances                                             (830)
                                                                      199,955          (776)
                  – Banks
                  – Other financial institutions                           (447)        (54)
               Net carrying amount                                         (378)  219,719

                                                                            (69)      2024
                                                                                        223
                                                                      199,508           607
                                                                                           –
     (b) Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:                  830

     Balance as at the beginning of the year                          2025
     Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)
     Exchange difference                                               830
                                                                      (373)
     Balance as at the end of the year
                                                                        (10)

                                                                       447
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                               209

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                                     2024
                                                                             406,817
20. Placements with banks and other financial institutions
                                                                               (1,126)
Principal (a)                                                        2025    405,691
Impairment allowances (a)(c)                                     504,938
Subtotal                                                                        3,264
Accrued interest                                                   (1,197)   408,955
Total                                                            503,741
                                                                                 2024
                                                                    3,698    292,720
                                                                 507,439
                                                                              39,380
(a) Analysed by nature of counterparties                             2025    253,340
                                                                             114,097
          In the mainland China                                  392,648     114,097
             – Banks                                              33,454     406,817
             – Other financial institutions
                                                                 359,194       (1,126)
          Outside the mainland China                                              (216)
             – Banks                                             112,290          (910)
                                                                 112,290
          Total                                                              405,691
          Less: Impairment allowances                            504,938
                                                                                 2024
             – Banks                                               (1,197)
             – Other financial institutions                           (222)  125,756
          Net carrying amount                                         (975)  264,359

                                                                 503,741      15,576
                                                                             405,691
(b) Analysed by remaining maturity                                   2025
                                                                                 2024
          Maturing                                               131,410           519
             – Within one month (inclusive)                      361,292           607
             – Between one month and one year (inclusive)                             –
             – Over one year                                      11,039
                                                                 503,741        1,126
          Total

(c) Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:

Balance as at the beginning of the year                          2025
Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)
Exchange difference                                              1,126
                                                                     76
Balance as at the end of the year                                     (5)

                                                                 1,197
210  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     21. Amounts held under resale agreements

     Principal (a)                                                        2025        2024
     Impairment allowances (a)(d)                                     259,338     272,043
     Subtotal
     Accrued interest                                                      (666)       (746)
     Total                                                            258,672     271,297

                                                                              36          32
                                                                      258,708     271,329

     (a) Analysed by nature of counterparties                             2025        2024
                                                                                  271,387
               In the mainland China                                  258,581
                  – Banks                                              30,999      53,048
                  – Other financial institutions                                  218,339
                                                                      227,582
               Outside the mainland China                                               656
                  – Banks                                                   757           72
                  – Other financial institutions                               –
                                                                                        584
               Total                                                        757   272,043
               Less: Impairment allowances
                                                                      259,338          (746)
                  – Banks                                                              (176)
                  – Other financial institutions                           (666)       (570)
               Net carrying amount                                         (162)  271,297
                                                                           (504)
                                                                                      2024
                                                                      258,672
                                                                                  271,297
     (b) Analysed by remaining maturity                                   2025    271,297

               Maturing                                               258,672         2024
                  – Within one month (inclusive)                      258,672     257,549

               Total                                                               13,748
                                                                                  271,297
     (c) Analysed by underlying assets                                    2025
                                                                      248,696         2024
               Bonds                                                                    589
               Bills                                                     9,976          157
               Total                                                  258,672           746

     (d) Movements of allowances for impairment losses are as follows:

     Balance as at the beginning of the year                          2025
     Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                           746
                                                                        (80)
     Balance as at the end of the year                                 666
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                211

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

22. Loans and advances to customers

(a) Loans and advances to customers

Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost (i)               2025           2024
Accrued interest                                                             6,640,193      6,300,863
Subtotal
Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers at                            10,133         10,565
                                                                             6,650,326      6,311,428
   amortised cost (i)
Loss allowances of accrued interest                                           (262,973)      (265,365)
Subtotal                                                                            (997)          (982)

Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                             (263,970)      (266,347)
Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI (ii)                               6,386,356      6,045,081
Accrued interest
Subtotal                                                                       519,574        551,692
Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL (iii)                                           2              –
Total
                                                                               519,576        551,692
                                                                                 98,306         35,775

                                                                             7,004,238      6,632,548

(i) Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost                               2025           2024

          Corporate loans and advances                                       2,919,909      2,656,238
          Retail loans and advances                                          3,720,191      3,644,625
          Discounted bills
          Gross amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost            93               –
          Less: Loss allowances
                                                                             6,640,193      6,300,863
                 – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)
                 – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                 (262,973)      (265,365)
                 – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit-impaired)                     (134,817)      (152,598)
          Net amount of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
                                                                                (68,720)       (56,926)
                                                                                (59,436)       (55,841)

                                                                             6,377,220      6,035,498

(ii) Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                                   2025           2024

          Corporate loans and advances                                       294,820        206,343
          Discounted bills                                                   224,754        345,349
          Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI
          Loss allowances                                                    519,574        551,692

                 – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                      (4,249)        (4,936)
                 – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)                  (4,033)        (4,515)
                 – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit-impaired)
                                                                                  (216)          (421)
                                                                                      –              –

No loss allowance is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for loans and advances to
customers at FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.

(iii) Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                                 2025           2024

          Corporate loans and advances                                        1,021          1,159
          Discounted bills                                                   97,270         34,601
          Accrued interest
          Total                                                                    15             15

                                                                             98,306         35,775
212  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)

     (b) Analysis of loans and advances to customers

     (i) Analysed by industry sector and category:
              Operations in the mainland China

     Manufacturing                                                           2025         2024
     Transportation, storage and postal services
     Production and supply of electric power, heat, gas and water       739,562      652,430
     Property development                                               518,959      497,123
     Wholesale and retail                                               390,405      333,400
     Leasing and commercial services                                    290,743      287,798
     Telecommunications, software and IT services                       274,763      222,593
     Construction                                                       238,521      186,736
     Finance                                                            165,130      124,026
     Mining                                                             107,096      105,294
     Water, environment and public utilities management
     Other                                                                73,610       89,007
                                                                          65,091       49,632
     Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                             34,891       36,728
                                                                          97,591       88,901
     Discounted bills
                                                                      2,996,362    2,673,668
     Residential mortgage
     Credit cards                                                       322,117      379,950
     Micro-finance loans
     Consumer loans                                                   1,411,084    1,404,101
     Other                                                              938,993      947,712
                                                                        873,750      824,128
     Subtotal of retail loans and advances                              426,653      396,161
                                                                            3,867        5,388
     Gross amount of loans and advances to customers
                                                                      3,654,347    3,577,490

                                                                      6,972,826    6,631,108

     Operations outside the mainland China                                2025         2024

     Finance                                                           72,507       51,257
     Transportation, storage and postal services                       50,569       44,972
     Property development                                              22,908       30,753
     Production and supply of electric power, heat, gas and water      17,624
     Manufacturing                                                     13,850         9,856
     Telecommunications, software and IT services                      13,078       17,200
     Leasing and commercial services                                                10,991
     Wholesale and retail                                                9,441
     Mining                                                              4,733        7,756
     Construction                                                        3,926        5,118
     Water, environment and public utilities management                  3,520        2,335
     Other                                                               1,256        2,672
                                                                         5,976        1,051
     Subtotal of corporate loans and advances                                         6,111
                                                                      219,388
     Residential mortgage                                                          190,072
     Credit cards                                                      14,152
     Micro-finance loans                                                    122     13,349
     Other                                                                               131
                                                                         1,946
     Subtotal of retail loans and advances                             49,624         1,315
                                                                                    52,340
     Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                   65,844
                                                                                    67,135
                                                                      285,232
                                                                                   257,207

     As at 31 December 2025, over 90% of the Group’s loans and advances to customers were conducted in the
     mainland China (31 December 2024: over 90%).
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                         213

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                                                                                2024
                                                                                                                     2,800,227
22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)
                                                                                                                       872,494
(b) Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)                                                          2,381,108

(ii) Analysed by type of guarantees:                                                                                   454,536
                                                                                                                     6,508,365
Credit loans                                                                                               2025
Guaranteed loans                                                                                    2,980,421          379,950
Collateralised loans                                                                                1,007,233        6,888,315
Pledged loans                                                                                       2,462,399

Subtotal                                                                                              485,888
                                                                                                    6,935,941
Discounted bills
                                                                                                      322,117
Gross amount of loans and advances to customers
                                                                                                    7,258,058

(iii) Analysed by overdue term:                             Overdue         Overdue         2025          Overdue       Total
                                                               within            from                   more than    overdue
          Credit loans                                                                      Overdue
          Guaranteed loans                                 3 months        3 months              from       3 years     loans
          Collateralised loans                             (inclusive)  up to 1 year
          Pledged loans                                                                 1 year up to          2,636    45,617
          Gross amount of loans and advances to customers      24,191     (inclusive)         3 years         3,242    13,497
                                                                2,452                                         1,736    26,782
                                                               10,140          14,523     (inclusive)                   4,750
                                                                1,768           2,084                           410
                                                                                7,794           4,267                  90,646
                                                               38,551           2,265           5,719         8,024
                                                                                                7,112
                                                                               26,666
                                                                                                   307

                                                                                               17,405

Credit loans                                                Overdue         Overdue        2024           Overdue       Total
Guaranteed loans                                               within           from                    more than    overdue
Collateralised loans                                                                        Overdue
Pledged loans                                              3 months        3 months             from       3 years      loans
                                                           (inclusive)  up to 1 year
Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                                         1 year up to         1,421    49,126
                                                              29,777       (inclusive)        3 years        2,966    14,038
                                                               1,079                                         1,331    23,940
                                                               8,562          15,187       (inclusive)       1,211     4,771
                                                               2,810           2,575
                                                                               7,190           2,741         6,929    91,875
                                                              42,228                           7,418
                                                                                 249           6,857

                                                                              25,201             501

                                                                                              17,517

Note: Loans are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue more than one day.

Among the above-mentioned overdue loans and advances to customers, collateralised loans and pledged loans that
are overdue but not impaired at the reporting date are as follows:

Collateralised loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                  2025         2024
Pledged loans that are overdue but not impaired                                                         7,969        7,170
                                                                                                        1,424        1,542
Total                                                                                                   9,393        8,712
214  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)

     (b) Analysis of loans and advances to customers (continued)

     (iv) Analysed by ECL

                                                                                     2025

                                                                       – Stage 1     – Stage 2        – Stage 3         Total
                                                                      (12-month       (Lifetime        (Lifetime  6,640,193
                                                                                     ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                               ECL)                   impaired)    (262,973)
                                                                       6,318,340         credit-                  6,377,220
                                                                                     impaired)
                                                                        (134,817)                                   519,574
     Loans and advances measured at amortised cost                                   253,647      68,206               (4,249)
     Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to                    6,183,523
                                                                          517,728    (68,720)     (59,436)               Total
              customers at amortised cost                                                                         6,300,863
                                                                            (4,033)  184,927      8,770
     Net amount of loans and advances to customers at                                   1,846           –          (265,365)
        amortised cost                                                                                            6,035,498
                                                                                          (216)         –
     Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                                                                      551,692
     Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers                                                                (4,936)

        at FVTOCI

                                                                                     2024

                                                                       – Stage 1     – Stage 2        – Stage 3
                                                                      (12-month       (Lifetime        (Lifetime
                                                                                     ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                              ECL)                    impaired)
                                                                      6,030,395          credit-
                                                                                     impaired)
                                                                        (152,598)
     Loans and advances measured at amortised cost                                   204,858      65,610
     Less: Loss allowances of loans and advances to                   5,877,797
                                                                         550,089     (56,926)     (55,841)
              customers at amortised cost
                                                                           (4,515)   147,932      9,769
     Net amount of loans and advances to customers at                                   1,603           –
        amortised cost
                                                                                          (421)         –
     Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI
     Loss allowances of loans and advances to customers

        at FVTOCI
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                           215

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)

(c) Movements of allowance for expected credit losses

(i) Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers measured at
          amortised cost:

                                                                                 2025

                                                                  – Stage 1      – Stage 2        – Stage 3      Total
                                                                 (12-month        (Lifetime        (Lifetime  265,365
                                                                                 ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                          ECL)                    impaired)            –
                                                                                     credit-                           –
                                                                     152,598     impaired)                             –
                                                                                                               43,268
Balance as at the beginning of the year                                 5,304    56,926       55,841          (56,067)
Transfer to                                                            (8,659)                                 10,851
                                                                       (3,650)    (5,236)           (68)           (444)
   – Stage 1                                                         (10,606)      9,171          (512)       262,973
   – Stage 2                                                                     (13,959)      17,609
   – Stage 3                                                                  –   21,896       31,978
Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                                       –               (56,067)
Write-offs/disposals                                                      (170)           –    10,851
Recovery of loans and advances written off                                                –       (196)
Exchange and other differences                                       134,817           (78)
                                                                                               59,436
Balance as at the end of the year                                                 68,720

                                                                                 2024

                                                                  – Stage 1      – Stage 2        – Stage 3       Total
                                                                 (12-month        (Lifetime        (Lifetime  266,805
                                                                                 ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                         ECL)                     impaired)            –
                                                                                     credit-                           –
                                                                    165,866      impaired)                             –
                                                                                                               41,400
Balance as at the beginning of the year                                8,028     47,729       53,210          (53,154)
Transfer to                                                           (6,417)                                  10,274
                                                                      (1,688)    (7,877)          (151)               40
   – Stage 1                                                        (13,314)      6,817           (400)       265,365
   – Stage 2                                                                     (9,413)       11,101
   – Stage 3                                                                 –   19,624        35,090
Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                                      –                (53,154)
Write-offs/disposals                                                      123            –     10,274
Recovery of loans and advances written off                                               –        (129)
Exchange and other differences                                      152,598            46
                                                                                               55,841
Balance as at the end of the year                                                56,926

(ii) Reconciliation of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers measured at
          FVTOCI:

Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                       2025            2024
Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)
Exchange difference                                                                           4,936           2,729
                                                                                               (686)          2,208
Balance as at the end of the year                                                                  (1)
                                                                                                                   (1)
                                                                                              4,249
                                                                                                              4,936
216  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     22. Loans and advances to customers (continued)

     (d) Finance leases receivable

     The table below provides an analysis of finance leases receivable included in loans and advances to customers for
     leases of assets in which the Group is a lessor:

     Total minimum leases receivable                                                  2025        2024
     Within 1 year (inclusive)
     Over 1 year but within 2 years (inclusive)                                     13,083      16,148
     Over 2 years but within 3 years (inclusive)                                     9,073       9,230
     Over 3 years but within 4 years (inclusive)                                     6,929       5,495
     Over 4 years but within 5 years (inclusive)                                     6,126       4,598
     Over 5 years                                                                    5,734       4,058

     Subtotal                                                                       25,040      18,506
                                                                                    65,985      58,035
     Unearned finance income                                                       (11,600)     (8,991)

     Present value of minimum leases receivable                                     54,385      49,044
                                                                                    (3,272)     (2,738)
     Less: Impairment allowances                                                    (1,437)
        – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                                   (642)
        – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                                 (909)    (1,763)
        – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                     (926)
                                                                                                   (333)
     Net carrying amount of finance leases receivable                               51,113
                                                                                                46,306

     23. Financial investments                                             Notes          2025         2024
                                                                                                  617,018
               Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss  23(a)     647,796    1,941,580
               Debt investments at amortised cost                          23(b)   2,124,951    1,092,127
               Debt investments at FVTOCI                                  23(c)   1,337,950
               Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                     23(d)                    22,315
               Total                                                                   24,424   3,673,040

                                                                                   4,135,121           2024
                                                                                                  603,353
     (a) Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                                    13,665
     Financial investments measured at FVTPL                               Notes       2025       617,018
     Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss              636,328
                                                                             (i)
     Total                                                                   (ii)   11,468
                                                                                   647,796
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                        217

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                                              2024

23. Financial investments (continued)                                                 243,906
                                                                                       96,730
(a) Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (continued)             45,491
                                                                                       58,420
(i) Financial investments measured at FVTPL                                            43,265
         Financial investments held for trading
                                                                                      243,906
Bonds:                                                                         2025   222,192
   Classified by issuer
      – Government bonds                                                   337,044     13,079
      – Bonds issued by policy banks                                       189,740       8,635
      – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions
      – Other debt securities                                               41,970       2,379
                                                                            67,211          310
   Classified by listing                                                    38,123
      – Listed in the mainland China                                       337,044       1,026
      – Listed outside the mainland China                                  319,617          909
      – Unlisted                                                            12,156          134

Other investments:                                                            5,271      2,379
   Classified by underlying assets                                                          310
      – Equity investments                                                  10,162          134
      – Fund investments                                                      1,972
      – Wealth management products                                            1,140      1,935
      – Precious metal contracts                                              1,233   246,285
                                                                              5,817
   Classified by listing
      – Listed in the mainland China                                        10,162
      – Listed outside the mainland China                                        930
      – Unlisted
                                                                              7,030
Total financial investments held for trading                                  2,202
                                                                           347,206
                          0.3 ᓃ
218  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     23. Financial investments (continued)

     (a) Financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (continued)

     (i) Financial investments measured at FVTPL (continued)

     Other financial investments measured at FVTPL

     Bonds:                                                                                   2025        2024
        Classified by issuer
           – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions               7,759       8,146
           – Other debt securities                                                           2,216       1,443
                                                                                             5,543       6,703
        Classified by listing                                                                7,759       8,146
           – Listed in the mainland China                                                    7,320       6,528
           – Listed outside the mainland China
           – Unlisted                                                                           439         551
                                                                                                   –     1,067
     Other investments:
        Classified by underlying assets                                                   281,363     348,922
           – Equity investments                                                              4,748       2,952
           – Fund investments
           – Wealth management products                                                   264,082     342,925
           – Non-standard assets                                                             3,183       2,225
           – Other                                                                           9,146          596
                                                                                                204         224
        Classified by listing
           – Listed in the mainland China                                                 281,363     348,922
           – Listed outside the mainland China                                               1,196          835
           – Unlisted                                                                           324         216

     Total other financial investments measured at FVTPL                                  279,843     347,871
                                                                                          289,122     357,068
     Total financial investments measured at FVTPL                                                    603,353
                                                                                          636,328
                                                                                                          2024
     (ii) Financial investments designated at fair value through profit or loss             2025
                                                                                                       13,665
              Bonds:                                                                      11,468              43
                 Classified by issuer                                                           30
                     – Government bonds                                                                  8,820
                     – Bonds issued by policy banks                                        5,733         4,802
                     – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions   5,705       13,665
                 Classified by listing                                                    11,468       11,928
                     – Listed in the mainland China                                       11,300         1,646
                     – Listed outside the mainland China
                     – Unlisted                                                               168             91
                                                                                                  –    13,665
               Total financial investments designated at FVTPL
                                                                                          11,468
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                       219

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                                                              2024
                                                                                                   1,955,920
23. Financial investments (continued)
                                                                                                       21,328
(b) Debt investments at amortised cost                                                             1,977,248

Debt investments at amortised cost (i)(ii)                                                  2025      (35,459)
Accrued interest                                                                     2,136,700            (209)
Subtotal
Impairment losses of debt investments at amortised cost (i)(ii)(iii)                     22,089       (35,668)
Impairment losses of accrued interest                                                2,158,789     1,941,580
Subtotal
                                                                                        (33,610)          2024
Total                                                                                       (228)
                                                                                                   1,848,162
(i) Debt investments at amortised cost:                                                 (33,838)   1,240,885
                                                                                     2,124,951
         Bonds:                                                                                      494,867
            Classified by issuer                                                            2025       99,345
                – Government bonds                                                                     13,065
                – Bonds issued by policy banks                                       2,036,223
                – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions  1,427,462     1,848,162
                – Other debt securities                                                            1,743,427
                                                                                       476,846
            Classified by listing                                                      116,778         68,301
                – Listed in the mainland China                                                         36,434
                – Listed outside the mainland China                                      15,137    1,960,310
                – Unlisted                                                           2,036,223
                                                                                     1,876,853       107,758
            Fair value for the listed bonds                                                            49,046
         Other investments:                                                              93,846
                                                                                         65,524        49,403
            Classified by underlying assets                                          2,057,151           8,656
                – Non-standard assets – Loans and advances to customers                                    653
                – Non-standard assets – Creditor’s beneficiary rights to other         100,477
                      commercial banks                                                   39,610      107,758
                – Non-standard assets – Other                                                        107,758
                – Other                                                                  52,810    1,955,920
                                                                                           7,721      (35,459)
            Classified by listing                                                            336
                – Unlisted                                                                              (8,949)
                                                                                       100,477            (354)
          Total                                                                        100,477
                                                                                     2,136,700        (26,156)
          Less: Loss allowances                                                         (33,610)   1,920,461
                – Stage 1 (12-month ECL)
                – Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired)                            (8,421)
                – Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired)                                (1,057)
                                                                                        (24,132)
          Net debt investments at amortised cost                                     2,103,090
220  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     23. Financial investments (continued)

     (b) Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)

     (ii) Analysed by stage of ECL:

                                                                                       2025

                                                                          Stage 1         Stage 2          Stage 3        Total
                                                                      (12-month         (Lifetime        (Lifetime  2,136,700
                                                                                       ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                               ECL)                     impaired)      (33,610)
                                                                       2,107,678           credit-                  2,103,090
                                                                                       impaired)
                                                                            (8,421)                                        Total
     Debt investments at amortised cost                                2,099,257       4,586        24,436          1,955,920
     Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
                                                                                       (1,057)      (24,132)           (35,459)
              at amortised cost                                                         3,529            304        1,920,461

     Net debt investments at amortised cost

                                                                                       2024

                                                                          Stage 1        Stage 2           Stage 3
                                                                      (12-month         (Lifetime        (Lifetime
                                                                                       ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                              ECL)                      impaired)
                                                                      1,927,893            credit-
                                                                                       impaired)
                                                                           (8,949)
     Debt investments at amortised cost                               1,918,944        1,790        26,237
     Less: Loss allowances of debt investments
                                                                                        (354)       (26,156)
              at amortised cost                                                        1,436               81

     Net debt investments at amortised cost

     (iii) Movements of allowances for expected credit losses

                                                                                       2025

                                                                          Stage 1         Stage 2          Stage 3    Total
                                                                      (12-month         (Lifetime        (Lifetime  35,459
                                                                                       ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                               ECL)                     impaired)           –
                                                                                           credit-                          –
                                                                             8,949     impaired)                            –
                                                                                                                    (2,181)
     Balance as at the beginning of the year                                       –   354          26,156             (232)
     Transfer to:                                                               (93)                                    593
                                                                                             –              –            (29)
        – Stage 1                                                                  –       99             (6)       33,610
        – Stage 2                                                              (430)                        –
        – Stage 3                                                                            –      (2,362)
     Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                                       –     611           (232)
     Write-offs/disposals                                                          –                    593
     Recovery of debt previously written off                                      (5)        –           (17)
     Exchange difference                                                                     –
                                                                             8,421          (7)     24,132
     Balance as at the end of the year
                                                                                       1,057
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   221

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                                  39,390
23. Financial investments (continued)
                                                                                                                          –
(b) Debt investments at amortised cost (continued)                                                                        –
                                                                                                                          –
(iii) Movements of allowances for expected credit loss (continued)                                                (4,130)
                                                                                                                      175
                                                                                     2024                               24
                                                                                                                  35,459
                                                                     Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3
                                                                 (12-month            (Lifetime        (Lifetime
                                                                                     ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                         ECL)                         impaired)
                                                                                         credit-
                                                                     13,193          impaired)

Balance as at the beginning of the year                                      –       486          25,711
Transfer to:                                                               (40)
                                                                                         –                –
   – Stage 1                                                                 –         40                 –
   – Stage 2                                                          (4,209)                             –
   – Stage 3                                                                             –            253
Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)                                      –       (174)            175
Recovery of debt previously written off                                      5                          17
Exchange difference                                                                      –
                                                                       8,949             2        26,156
Balance as at the end of the year
                                                                                      354

(c) Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                              2025                         2024
                                                                                     1,325,300                    1,082,577
          Debt investments at FVTOCI (i)
          Accrued interest                                                               12,650                         9,550
          Total                                                                      1,337,950                    1,092,127
          Impairment losses of debt investments at FVTOCI (ii)
          Impairment losses of accrued interest                                           (7,787)                      (8,620)
          Total                                                                             (188)                        (227)

                                                                                          (7,975)                      (8,847)

No impairment allowances are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position for debt investments at
FVTOCI as the carrying amount is at fair value.

(i) Debt investments at FVTOCI:                                                             2025                         2024

         Bonds:                                                                      1,325,100                    1,082,577
            Classified by issuer                                                       897,455                      688,572
                – Government bonds                                                       76,447                       23,685
                – Bonds issued by policy banks                                         238,443                      230,694
                – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions    112,755                      139,626
                – Other debt securities
            Classified by listing                                                    1,325,100                    1,082,577
                – Listed in the mainland China                                         952,189                      781,480
                – Listed outside the mainland China                                    144,334                      127,562
                – Unlisted                                                             228,577                      173,535

         Other investments:                                                                  200                              –
            Classified by underlying assets                                                  200                              –
                – Securities Brokerage Income Certificates                                   200                              –
            Classified by listing                                                            200                              –
                – Unlisted                                                           1,325,300                    1,082,577

          Total
222  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     23. Financial investments (continued)

     (c) Debt investments at FVTOCI (continued)

     (ii) Movements of allowances for expected credit losses

     Balance as at the beginning of the year                                                            2025                 2024
     Charge/(release) for the year (note 14)
     Exchange difference                                                                                8,620                6,812
                                                                                                         (708)               1,730
     Balance as at the end of the year                                                                   (125)
                                                                                                                                 78
                                                                                                        7,787
                                                                                                                             8,620

     (d) Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                                         2,651                2,596
               Repossessed equity instruments                                                           21,773               19,719
               Other                                                                                    24,424               22,315
               Total
              Classified by listing                                                                         306                  322
                                                                                                        14,399               12,565
                  – Listed in the mainland China
                  – Listed outside the mainland China                                                    9,719                9,428
                  – Unlisted                                                                            24,424               22,315
               Total

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group disposed part of the equity investments designated at FVTOCI.
     The fair value of the equity investments disposed at the date of derecognition was RMB128 million (2024: RMB1,429
     million). The cumulative net of tax profit of RMB11 million (2024: cumulative net of tax loss of RMB4 million) was
     transferred from investment revaluation reserve to retained earnings on disposal.

     24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank

     The following list contains particulars of subsidiaries which principally affect the financial results, assets or liabilities
     of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of all shares held is ordinary. All of these companies are subsidiaries
     as defined under Note 4(1) and have been included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements of the
     Group.

     Name of company                                    Place of         Particulars of          % of   Principal            Economic
                                                        incorporation  the issued and      ownership    activities           nature
                                                        and operation  paid up capital    held by the
                                                                                                        Investment bank and  Limited liability
     CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation     Hong Kong          (in millions)         Bank     investment
       Limited (note (i))                                                                                 management         Limited liability
                                                                             HKD4,129           100%                         Limited liability
                                                                                                        Finance leasing      Limited liability
     CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited (note (ii))  Shanghai       RMB18,000          100%          Banking
     CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (note (iii))            Hong Kong       HKD1,161          100%          Fund management      Limited liability
     China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (note    Shenzhen        RMB1,310           55%                               Limited liability
     (iv))                                                                                                                   Limited liability
     CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd (note (v))          Shenzhen       RMB5,556                90%      Asset management
     China Merchants Europe S.A. (note (vi))            Luxembourg       EUR100               100%      Banking              Limited liability
     Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company               Beijing          RMB500           (note (vii))  Asset management

       Limited (note (vii))                             Shenzhen       RMB15,000          100% Financial assets
     China Merchants Bank Financial Asset Investment                                                  investment

       Co., Ltd. (note (viii))
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                         223

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

24. Particulars of principal subsidiaries of the bank (continued)

Notes:

(i)     CMB International Capital Holdings Corporation Limited (“CMBIC”), formerly known as Jiangnan Finance Company Limited and CMB

        International Capital Corporation Limited, is the Bank’s wholly-owned subsidiary approved for setting up by the PBOC through its Yin Fu [1998]

        No. 405. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of HKD750 million in CMBIC. The capital of CMBIC increased to HKD1,000

        million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged. The Board of Directors passed “The Resolution regarding the Capital

        Increase and Restructuring of CMBIC” which agreed that the Bank made capital contribution of USD400 million (or its equivalent) to CMBIC

        on 28 July 2015. The capital contribution was completed on 20 January 2016.

(ii)    CMB Financial Leasing Company Limited (“CMBFL”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved for setting up by the former CBIRC

        through its Yin Jian Fu [2008] No. 110 and commenced its operation in April 2008. In 2014, the Bank made an additional capital contribution

        of RMB2,000 million in CMBFL. The capital of CMBFL increased to RMB6,000 million and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained

        unchanged. In August 2021, CMBFL converted RMB6,000 million of its retained earnings into share capital, and the capital of CMBFL increased

        to RMB12,000 million. The Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged. In September 2024, CMBFL converted RMB6,000 million

        of its retained earnings into share capital, and the capital of CMBFL increased to RMB18,000 million. The Bank’s shareholding percentage

        remained unchanged.

(iii)   CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited (“CMB WLB”) was formerly known as Wing Lung Bank Limited. On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired

        a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. CMB WLB became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank on 15 January 2009. CMB WLB had

        withdrawn from listing on the HKEx as of 16 January 2009.

(iv)    In 2012, the Bank acquired 21.60% equity interests in China Merchants Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“CMFM”), its former associate, from

        ING Asset Management B.V. at a consideration of EUR63,567,567.57. Following the settlement of the above consideration in cash, the Bank’s

        shareholding in CMFM increased from 33.40% to 55.00% in 2013. As a result, the Bank obtained the control over CMFM, which became

        the Bank’s subsidiary on 28 November 2013. In December 2017, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of RMB605 million in

        CMFM, and other shareholders of CMFM also made capital contribution of RMB495 million proportionally. The capital of CMFM increased to

        RMB1,310 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

(v)     CMB Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (“CMBWM”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, approved for setting up by the former CBIRC with

        Yin Bao Jian Fu [2019] No. 981. It was formally established on 1 November 2019. In accordance with the approval of former CBIRC (Yin Bao

        Jian Fu [2021] No.920)”, JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited (“JPMorgan Asset Management“) has subscribed for a 10% stake

        in CMBWM in 2022 with an investment of RMB2,667 million. After the completion of capital injection, CMBWM’s registered capital has been

        increased to approximately RMB5,556 million from RMB5,000 million and the Bank’s and JPMorgan Asset Management’s shareholdings are

        90% and 10% respectively.

(vi)    China Merchants Europe S.A. (“CMB Europe S.A.”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank approved by the former CBIRC with Yin Bao

        Jian Fu [2016] No. 460. The Bank received an approval from the European Central Bank (ECB) for the establishment of CMB Europe S.A. in

        Luxembourg in May 2021. In June 2023, the Bank made an additional capital contribution of EUR 50 million in CMB Europe S.A. The capital of

        CMB Europe S.A. increased to EUR 100 million, and the Bank’s shareholding percentage remained unchanged.

(vii)   Cigna & CMB Asset Management Company Limited (“CIGNA & CMAM”) was registered and established on 18 October 2020 with the

        approval for setting up by the former CBIRC with Yin Bao Jian Fu [2020] No.708. CIGNA & CMAM is an indirectly controlled subsidiary of the

        Bank, with 87.3458% held by CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd., a joint venture of the Bank, and 12.6542% held by CMBIC, a subsidiary

        of the Bank.

(viii)  China Merchants Bank Financial Asset Investment Co., Ltd. (“CMB Investment”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, established in

        November 2025, approved for commence operations by the NFRA with Jin Fu [2025] No.667 with a registered capital of RMB15,000 million.
224  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     25. Interests in joint ventures

     Share of net assets                                                                                     2025                                  2024
                                                                                                           20,126                                19,310
     Share of profits for the year
     Share of other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                             3,984                                 1,713
                                                                                                           (2,934)                                2,185

     Details of the Group’s interests in major joint ventures are as follows:

     Name of joint ventures                Economic nature    Place of        Particulars of     Group’s    Percentage of  Principal activity
                                           Limited liability  incorporation      issued and     effective  ownership held
     CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd.                     and operation                      interest                  Life insurance
       (note (i))                                                            paid up capital                  by the Bank    business
                                                              Shenzhen           (in millions)   50.00%
     Merchants Union Consumer Finance                                                                              50.00%  Consumer finance
       Company Limited (note (ii))                                                RMB2,800       50.00%
                                                                                                                   50.00%
                                           Joint stock limited Shenzhen      RMB10,000
                                            company

     Notes:

     (i)     The Group holds 50.00% equity interests in CIGNA & CMB Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (“CIGNA & CMB Life”) and Cigna Health and Life Insurance

             Company (“CHLIC”) holds the other 50.00% equity interests. The Bank and CHLIC share the joint venture’s risk, profits and losses based on

             their shareholding proportionally. The Bank’s investment in CIGNA & CMB Life is accounted for as an investment in a joint venture.

     (ii)    CMB WLB, one of the Group’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, and China United Network Communications Limited (“CUNC”), a subsidiary

             of China Unicom Limited, jointly set up Merchants Union Consumer Finance Company Limited (“MUCFC”). Former CBIRC approved the

             operation of MUCFC on 3 March 2015. CMB WLB and CUNC each held 50% equity interests in MUCFC and share the risks, profits and

             losses proportionally based on their shareholdings. In December 2017, the Bank and CUNC made a capital contribution of RMB600 million in

             MUCFC respectively. After the capital injection, the capital of MUCFC increased to RMB2,859 million, with the Bank’s shareholding percentage

             becoming 15%, CMB WLB’s shareholding percentage becoming 35%, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained at 50%. In

             December 2018, the Bank made another capital contribution of RMB1,000 million in MUCFC, and CUNC made the same amount of capital

             injection. After that, the share capital of MUCFC has reached RMB3,869 million. The Bank and CMB WLB then held 24.15% and 25.85% of

             equity interests in MUCFC, respectively, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained at 50%.

             In July 2021, CMB WLB transferred all its shares of MUCFC to the Bank. After the transfer, the Bank and CUNC each held 50% of equity
             interests in MUCFC, and the Group’s total shareholding percentage remained unchanged. In October 2021, MUCFC converted RMB1,331
             million of its capital reserve and RMB4,800 million of its retained earnings into share capital, and the share capital of MUCFC increased to
             RMB10,000 million after the conversion.

             In July 2023, MUCFC completed the registration of the change of its Chinese name from “‫ם‬ᑌऊ൬‫ږ‬ፄϞࠢʮ̡” to “‫ם‬ᑌऊ൬‫ږ‬ፄٰ΅Ϟࠢ
             ʮ̡”.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                          225

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

25. Interests in joint ventures (continued)

          Summarised financial information of the joint ventures which are individually material to the Group is as follows:

(i) CIGNA & CMB Life:

                                                                                 Other    Total

                                                                          comprehensive comprehensive         Cash Depreciation

                                                                  Net            income/  income/ and cash           and         Income
                                                                                                                                    tax
                              Assets Liabilities  Equity Revenue  profit (expense) (expense) equivalents amortisation

2025                          259,289 244,946 14,343 19,376 3,351                (3,337)         14           3,152  128 1,489
CIGNA & CMB Life              129,449 122,473 6,976 9,688 1,622                  (1,669)                              64 745
Group’s effective interest                                                                       (47) 1,576

2024

CIGNA & CMB Life              214,689 199,905 14,784 49,553       558             4,371   4,929               1,596  141 (61)

Group’s effective interest 106,976 99,953 7,023 24,777            222             2,185   2,407               798    71 (31)

(ii) MUCFC:

                                                                                          Total        Cash Depreciation

                                                                          Net comprehensive and cash                 and Income

                               Assets Liabilities  Equity Revenue         profit          income equivalents amortisation tax

2025                          167,238 142,121      25,117         16,144  3,054           3,054        6,386         104 467
MUCFC                          83,620 71,061       12,559          8,072
Group’s effective interest                                                1,527           1,527        3,193         52 234

2024

MUCFC                         163,751 141,088 22,663 17,318 3,016                         3,016        4,170         50 440
                                                                                                                     25 220
Group’s effective interest 81,876 70,544 11,332 8,659 1,508                               1,508        2,085

Summarised financial information of the joint ventures that are not individually material to the Group is as follows:

                                                   Net profit or loss                                  Other                    Total
                                                                                          comprehensive          comprehensive
                                                                                                              income/(expense)
                                                                                                     income

2025                                                                      1,542                        –                         1,542
Other joint ventures                                                        299
Group’s effective interest                                                                             –                         299

2024                                                                      (626)                        –                         (626)
Other joint ventures                                                       (17)
Group’s effective interest                                                                             –                         (17)
226  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     26. Interests in associates

     Share of net assets                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                               12,788             11,705
     Share of profits for the year
     Share of other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                                 1,489                 919
                                                                                                                  (210)               267

     Details of the Group’s interest in major associate are as follows:

                                         Economic nature  Place of                Particulars of     Group’s    Percentage of  Principal activity
                                                          incorporation              issued and     effective  ownership held
                                                          and operation                              interest
                                                                                 paid up capital                  by the Bank
                                                                                     (in millions)
     Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. (Note)    Joint stock limited Taizhou                                24.8559%   24.8559% Commercial Bank
                                           company                                    RMB 1,800

     Note:  The Bank, which originally held a 10% stake in Bank of Taizhou, acquired a total of 14.8559% stake from Ping An Trust Co., Ltd. and Ping An
            Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. at a total consideration of RMB3,121 million on 31 May 2021. Upon the completion of the transaction,
            the Bank held 24.8559% stake of Bank of Taizhou. The Bank can exercise significant influence on Bank of Taizhou and therefore this
            investment is included in interests in associates.

     Summarised financial information of the associate which is individually material to the Group is as follows:

                                                                                 Other              Total      Cash Depreciation

                                                                         Net comprehensive comprehensive and cash              and Income

                           Assets Liabilities     Equity Revenue         profit  income             income equivalents amortisation tax

     2025                                381,710  38,622 11,221          3,529   (907)              2,622 17,285               537 659
     Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. 420,332    94,878   8,405 2,789
     Group’s effective interest 103,283                                  815     (225)              590        4,296           133 164

     2024                                                                        982                5,763 15,429               521 1,009
     Bank of Taizhou Co., Ltd. 412,899 375,527 37,372 12,714 4,781                                                             129 251
     Group’s effective interest 101,380 93,341 8,039 3,160 1,096                 255                1,351      3,835

     Summarised financial information of the associates that are not individually material to the Group is as follows:

                                                                      Net profit or loss                         Other                     Total
                                                                                                    comprehensive           comprehensive
                                                                                       7,131                             income/(expense)
                                                                                          674                  income

     2025                                                                                                      39                 7,170
     Other associates
     Group’s effective interest                                                                                15                 689

     2024                                                                        (726)                         33                 (693)
     Other associates                                                            (177)
     Group’s effective interest                                                                                12                 (165)
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                           227

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

27. Investment properties

Cost:                                                                                      2025                   2024
At 1 January
Transfers in/(out)                                                                         3,479                  3,097
Exchange difference                                                                            94                   318
                                                                                              (84)                    64
At 31 December
                                                                                           3,489                  3,479
Accumulated depreciation:
At 1 January                                                                               2,362                  1,937
Depreciation                                                                                 169                    129
Transfers in/(out)                                                                             31                   245
Exchange difference                                                                           (70)                    51

At 31 December                                                                             2,492                  2,362

Net carrying amount:                                                                         997                  1,117
At 31 December                                                                             1,117                  1,160

At 1 January

As at 31 December 2025, no impairment allowance was considered necessary for investment properties by the
Group (31 December 2024: Nil).

Investment properties of the Group mainly represent the leased properties of CMB WLB and the Bank that have
been leased out under operating leases. The fair value of the Group’s investment properties is determined by the
market approach and the method of capitalisation of net rental income. As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of
these properties was RMB3,547 million (31 December 2024: RMB4,322 million).

The Group’s total future minimum leases receivable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                  2025                   2024
1 year to 2 years (inclusive)
2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                               232                    199
3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                               162                    187
4 year to 5 years (inclusive)                                                                                      165
Over 5 years                                                                                  76                   104
                                                                                              59                   106
Total                                                                                         45                   169
                                                                                            238
                                                                                                                   930
                                                                                            812

The fair value hierarchy of the investment properties of the Group are listed as follows:

Located in the mainland China                                    Level 1    Level 2        Level 3        Fair Value
Located overseas                                                         –    1,272                –             as at
                                                                         –          –
Total                                                                    –    1,272          2,275    31 December
                                                                                             2,275               2025

                                                                                                                1,272
                                                                                                                2,275

                                                                                                                3,547

Located in the mainland China                                    Level 1    Level 2        Level 3        Fair Value
Located overseas                                                        –    1,875                –              as at
                                                                        –
Total                                                                   –          –        2,447     31 December
                                                                             1,875          2,447               2024

                                                                                                               1,875
                                                                                                               2,447

                                                                                                               4,322

In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.
228  China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     28. Property and equipment

                                     Land and Construction               Computer                        Aircraft,  Other   Total
                                     buildings in progress              equipment                     vessels and
                                                                                       Leasehold professional
                                                                                   improvements equipment

     Cost:                           34,324    3,825                    19,137     13,623    119,633                4,943   195,485
     At 1 January 2025                     8   3,016                     2,177        527     22,639                  341    28,708
     Additions                                 (6,782)                                                                158
     Reclassification and transfers   5,311                                 23      1,196           –                (543)       (94)
     Disposals                            (6)       –                     (584)       (48)   (19,160)                 (11)  (20,341)
     Exchange difference                            –                      (82)       (26)    (2,239)                        (2,506)
                                       (148)                                                                        4,888
     At 31 December 2025                           59                   20,671     15,272    120,873                        201,252
                                     39,489
     Accumulated depreciation:
     At 1 January 2025               17,121    –                        15,646      9,768    18,134                 4,165   64,834
     Depreciation                     1,510                                           857     6,937                   375   11,444
     Reclassification and transfers            –                        1,765         (39)                             (2)
     Disposals                          (34)                                            (4)        –                 (530)     (75)
     Exchange difference                  (4)  –                        –             (20)   (5,624)                   (7)  (6,746)
                                       (126)
     At 31 December 2025             18,467    –                        (584)      10,562      (336)                4,001     (560)
                                                                                             19,111                         68,897
     Impairment loss:                      –   –                        (71)             –                              –
     At 1 January 2025                     –                                             –    1,890                     –    1,890
     Charge                                –   –                        16,756           –      177                     –      177
     Disposals                             –                                             –                              –
     Exchange difference                   –   –                        –                –   (1,219)                    –   (1,219)
                                                                                                (17)                           (17)
     At 31 December 2025                       –                        –                       831                            831

     Net carrying amount:                      –                        –
     At 31 December 2025
                                               –                        –
     At 1 January 2025
                                               –                        –

                                     21,022    59                       3,915      4,710 100,931                    887 131,524
                                     17,203                                                                         778 128,761
                                               3,825                    3,491      3,855     99,609
China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                   229

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

28. Property and equipment (continued)

                                    Land and Construction          Computer       Leasehold     Aircraft,          Other             Total
                                    buildings in progress          equipment  improvements   vessels and
                                                                                             professional
                                                                                              equipment

Cost:                               33,026   3,980                 17,338     12,767         104,803               5,210             177,124
At 1 January 2024                         9  1,995                  2,529        532          29,732                 285              35,082
Additions                                    (2,150)                             402                                 (29)
Reclassification and transfers       1,413                             46        (94)               –               (530)               (318)
Disposals                             (237)       –                  (839)        16         (16,074)                  7             (17,774)
Exchange difference                    113        –
                                                                       63     13,623           1,172               4,943               1,371
At 31 December 2024                 34,324   3,825
                                                                   19,137                    119,633                                 195,485
Accumulated depreciation:
At 1 January 2024                   15,984   –                     14,582     8,946          16,815                4,270             60,597
Depreciation                         1,480                                      891           6,689                  453             11,325
Reclassification and transfers        (245)  –                     1,812        (52)                                 (46)
Disposals                             (186)                                     (32)               –                (523)              (297)
Exchange difference                          –                     46            15          (5,501)                  11             (7,080)
                                        88
At 31 December 2024                 17,121   –                     (838)      9,768             131                4,165                289
                                                                                             18,134                                  64,834
Impairment loss:                        20   –                     44             –                                    –
At 1 January 2024                         –                                       –           1,159                    –              1,179
Charge                                 (20)  –                     15,646         –             791                    –                791
Disposals                                 –                                       –             (74)                   –                (94)
Exchange difference                       –  –                     –              –              14                    –                 14

At 31 December 2024                          –                     –                          1,890                                   1,890

Net carrying amount:                         –                     –
At 31 December 2024
                                             –                     –
At 1 January 2024
                                             –                     –

                                    17,203   3,825                 3,491      3,855          99,609                778 128,761
                                    17,022                                                                         940 115,348
                                             3,980                 2,756      3,821          86,829

(a)  As at 31 December 2025, the process of obtaining the registration certificate for the Group’s properties with an aggregate net carrying value

     of RMB5,908 million (31 December 2024: RMB2,394 million) was still in progress. Management is of the view that the aforesaid matter would

     neither affect the rights of the Group to these assets nor have any significant impact on the business operation of the Group.

(b)  As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no significant unused property and equipment (31 December 2024: None).

(c)  As at 31 December 2025, the carrying value of mortgaged aircraft and vessels for placements from banks and other financial institutions of

     the CMBFL was RMB21,806 million (31 December 2024: RMB24,026 million).

(d)  The Group’s total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

     Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                 2025                                    2024
     1 year to 2 years (inclusive)
     2 year to 3 years (inclusive)                                                           11,983                                  11,988
     3 year to 4 years (inclusive)                                                           10,297                                  10,327
     4 year to 5 years (inclusive)
     Over 5 years                                                                             9,571                                   8,677
                                                                                              8,137                                   8,178
     Total                                                                                    7,384                                   7,634
                                                                                             27,760                                  29,074

                                                                                             75,132                                  75,878
230  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     29. Lease contracts                        Land                                          Computer      Motor     Total
                                          use rights                        Buildings equipment           vehicles
     (a) Right-of-use assets                                                                            and other    31,240
                                                                                                                      2,968
               Cost:                      5,947                             25,269     13               11           (3,938)
               At 1 January 2025
               Additions                                              56    2,911      1                –                (42)
               Decrease                                                                                              30,228
               Exchange difference                                    –     (3,937)    –                (1)
               At 31 December 2025                                                                                   14,350
               Accumulated depreciation:                              (11)  (31)                                      3,928
               At 1 January 2025                                                                                     (3,331)
               Depreciation (note 10)     5,992                             24,212     14               10
               Decrease                                                                                                   (9)
               Exchange difference        1,737                             12,600     8                5            14,938
               At 31 December 2025
               Net carrying amount:                                   183   3,739      4                2            15,290
               At 31 December 2025                                                                                   16,890
               At 1 January 2025                                      –     (3,330)    –                (1)

                                                                      (6)   (3)

                                          1,914                             13,006     12               6

                                          4,078                             11,206     2                4

                                          4,210                             12,669     5                6

                                               Land                         Buildings  Computer             Motor      Total
                                          use rights                                   equipment          vehicles
                                                                                                        and other    31,067
     Cost:                                    6,002                         25,044     10                             4,430
     At 1 January 2024                              –                                                           11   (4,287)
     Additions                                                              4,423      7                          –
     Decrease                                    (61)                                                             –       30
     Exchange difference                           6                        (4,222)    (4)                        –  31,240

     At 31 December 2024                      5,947                         24         –                        11   13,967
                                                                                                                      4,107
     Accumulated depreciation:                1,557                         25,269     13                            (3,765)
     At 1 January 2024                          182
     Depreciation (note 10)                        (2)                      12,399     8                3                 41
     Decrease                                       –                                                                14,350
     Exchange difference                                                    3,919      4                2
                                              1,737                                                                       59
     At 31 December 2024                                                    (3,759)    (4)              –                (59)
                                                  59
     Impairment loss:                            (59)                       41         –                –                  –
     At 1 January 2024
     Decrease                                       –                       12,600     8                5            16,890
                                                                                                                     17,041
     At 31 December 2024                      4,210                         –          –                –
                                              4,386
     Net carrying amount:                                                   –          –                –
     At 31 December 2024
                                                                            –          –                –
     At 1 January 2024
                                                                            12,669     5                6

                                                                            12,645     2                8

     The Group mainly leases land use rights and buildings for its operations. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
     basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
     length of the non-cancellable period, the Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
     option, or not to exercise a termination option, upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant
     change in circumstances that is within the control of the lessee.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                    231

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                                                         2024
                                                                                                       448
29. Lease contracts (continued)                                                                        607

(b) Lease liabilities                                                                               2,855
                                                                                                    3,145
          Analysis of the Group’s lease liabilities by remaining maturity is as follows:            4,560
                                                                                                    1,163
Within 1 month (inclusive)                                                                  2025   12,778
1 month to 3 months (inclusive)
3 months to 1 year (inclusive)                                                                417
1 year to 2 years (inclusive)                                                                 594
2 years to 5 years (inclusive)                                                             2,694
Over 5 years                                                                               2,879
                                                                                           3,817
Total                                                                                         852

                                                                                          11,253

(c) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

          Short-term lease expense and leases of low-value assets expense are disclosed in note 10. The Group entered into
          short-term leases for buildings, computer equipment, motor vehicles and other.

(d) During the year of 2025, total cash outflow of the Group’s leases amounted to RMB4,542 million (2024: RMB4,793

          million).

(e) As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the leases committed but not yet commenced were not significant.
232  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     30. Intangible assets                                             Software       Core deposits          Total
                                                                      and other
               Cost/appraisal value:                                                              1,246    11,999
               At 1 January 2025                                           10,753                       –      191
               Additions                                                       191                      –       (44)
               Disposals                                                        (44)                            (64)
               Exchange difference                                               (8)                 (56)
               At 31 December 2025                                                                1,190    12,082
               Accumulated amortisation:                                   10,892
               At 1 January 2025                                                                    720     9,761
               Charge for the year (note 10)                                9,041                     42       441
               Disposals                                                       399                      –       (44)
               Exchange difference                                              (44)                 (32)       (40)
               At 31 December 2025                                               (8)
               Impairment loss:                                                                     730    10,118
               At 1 January 2025                                            9,388
               At 31 December 2025                                                                      –        42
               Net carrying amount:                                              42                     –        42
               At 31 December 2025                                               42
               At 1 January 2025                                                                    460     1,922
                                                                            1,462                   526     2,196
               Cost/appraisal value:                                        1,670
               At 1 January 2024                                                       Core deposits         Total
               Additions                                                Software
               Disposals                                               and other                  1,203    11,780
               Exchange difference                                                                      –      194
               At 31 December 2024                                         10,577                       –       (22)
               Accumulated amortisation:                                       194                               47
               At 1 January 2024                                                (22)                  43
               Charge for the year (note 10)                                       4              1,246    11,999
               Disposals
               Exchange difference                                         10,753                   653     9,071
               At 31 December 2024                                                                    44       680
               Impairment loss:                                             8,418                       –       (20)
               At 1 January 2024                                               636                    23         30
               Charge for the year                                              (20)
               At 31 December 2024                                                 7                720     9,761
               Net carrying amount:
               At 31 December 2024                                          9,041                       –          –
               At 1 January 2024                                                                        –        42
                                                                                   –                    –        42
                                                                                 42
                                                                                 42                 526     2,196
                                                                                                    550     2,709
                                                                            1,670
                                                                            2,159
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                           233

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

31. Goodwill

                                                  As at          Addition     Decrease                                                         As at
                                       31 December                 during
                                                                              during 31 December
                                                  2024           the year
                                                                              the year                                                         2025
                                               10,177                      –
CMB WLB (note (i))                                  355                    –  –                                                                10,177
CMFM (note (ii))                                       1                   –
CMB Network Technology (note (iii))                                           –                                                                355
                                               10,533                      –
Total                                                                         –                                                                1
                                                   (579)                   –
Less: Impairment allowances – CMB WLB                                         –                                                                10,533
                                                 9,954                     –
Net carrying amount                                                           –                                                                (579)

                                                                              –                                                                9,954

Notes:

(i)     On 30 September 2008, the Bank acquired a 53.12% equity interests in CMB WLB. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMB WLB’s

        identifiable net assets was RMB12,898 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB6,851 million. A sum of RMB10,177 million, being the

        excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMB WLB are set out

        in Note 24.

(ii)    On 28 November 2013, the Bank acquired a 55.00% equity interests in CMFM. On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMFM’s identifiable

        net assets was RMB752 million, of which the Bank accounted for RMB414 million. A sum of RMB355 million, being the excess of acquisition

        cost of RMB769 million over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill. The details about CMFM are set out in

        Note 24.

(iii)   On 1 April 2015, CMBIC acquired the 100% equity interests in China Merchants Bank Network Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. (“CMB

        Network Technology”). On the acquisition date, the fair value of CMB Network Technology’s identifiable net assets was RMB3 million. A sum

        of RMB1 million, being the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets, was recognised as goodwill.

Impairment test for goodwill

The recoverable amounts of the CGUs are determined based on value in use calculations. These calculations use cash
flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management covering a 5-year period. Cash flows beyond
the 5-year period are extrapolated using a steady growth rate. The growth rate is comparable to the forecast long-
term economic growth rate issued by authoritative institutions which does not exceed the long-term average growth
rate for the business in which the CGU operates.

The discount rate adopted by the Group is the before-tax rate and reflects the specific risk associated with the CGU.
A pre-tax discount rates of CMB WLB and CMFM adopted by the Group are 9% and 9%(2024: 10% and 11%).
The Group believes any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which recoverable amounts are based
would not cause the carrying amounts of the CGUs to exceed their recoverable amounts.
234  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     32. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

     Deferred tax assets                                                                         2025                2024
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  89,856              83,674
                                                                                               (1,115)             (1,592)
     Net amount                                                                                88,741              82,082

     (a) Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) and related temporary differences are
            attributable to the following items:

                                                                    2025          Deferred                   2024  Deferred
                                                                                          tax                             tax
                                                     Deductible/                               Deductible/
                                                        (taxable)                                 (taxable)

                                                      temporary                                 temporary
                                                      difference                                difference

     Deferred tax assets before offsetting                            293,989     73,194       294,876             73,469
       qualifying amounts                                                     24          6       1,389                233
                                                                                                     845               209
     Impairment allowances on loans and advances to                         705       176
       customers and other assets at amortised cost                    11,108      2,770        12,656              3,163
                                                                       93,066     22,005        92,695             22,081
     Financial assets at FVTOCI                                       398,892
     Financial instruments at FVTPL                                               98,151       402,461             99,155
     Lease liabilities                                                (13,992)
     Salaries and welfare payable and other                                (554)  (3,432)      (32,611)             (8,153)
                                                                                    (137)       (9,597)             (2,399)
     Total                                                            (11,089)                                      (3,142)
                                                                      (20,135)    (2,764)      (12,575)             (3,379)
     Deferred tax liabilities before offsetting                       (45,770)    (3,077)      (22,188)
       qualifying amounts                                                                                          (17,073)
                                                                                  (9,410)      (76,971)
     Financial assets at FVTOCI
     Financial instruments at FVTPL
     Right-of-use assets
     Other

     Total

     Deferred tax assets before offsetting qualifying amounts                                    2025                 2024
     Offsetting amounts                                                                        98,151               99,155
                                                                                               (8,295)             (15,481)
     Deferred tax assets after offsetting qualifying amounts                                   89,856               83,674
                                                                                               (9,410)             (17,073)
     Deferred tax liabilities before offsetting qualifying amounts                                                  15,481
     Offsetting amounts                                                                         8,295               (1,592)
                                                                                               (1,115)
     Deferred tax liabilities after offsetting qualifying amounts
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                              235

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

32. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)

(b) Movements of deferred tax

At 1 January 2025                            Impairment           Financial       Financial   Other      Total
Recognised in profit or loss                  allowances             assets    instruments
Recognised in other comprehensive income   on loans and                                       18,723    82,082
Exchange difference                          advances to         at FVTOCI        at FVTPL       115     1,773
                                          customers and                                            (2)   4,860
At 31 December 2025                       other assets at            (7,920)         (2,190)      98
                                          amortised cost               (361)          2,217                 26
                                                                      4,862                   18,934
                                                   73,469                 (7)              –            88,741
                                                      (198)                               12
                                                          –          (3,426)
                                                       (77)                               39

                                                   73,194

At 1 January 2024                            Impairment           Financial       Financial    Other      Total
Recognised in profit or loss                  allowances             assets    instruments
Recognised in other comprehensive income   on loans and                                       17,294    88,950
Exchange difference                          advances to         at FVTOCI        at FVTPL     1,468      (164)
                                          customers and
At 31 December 2024                       other assets at           (2,232)           (363)         4   (6,700)
                                          amortised cost             1,004          (1,828)       (43)       (4)
                                                                    (6,704)
                                                  74,251                                  –   18,723    82,082
                                                     (808)               12               1
                                                        –
                                                       26           (7,920)         (2,190)

                                                  73,469

Note:  No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries because the Group
       is in a position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not be reversed in
       the foreseeable future.
236  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     33. Other assets

     Amounts pending for settlement                                        2025                                                       2024
     Continuing involvement assets                                                                                                 14,206
     Accrued interest                                                     4,622
     Prepaid lease payments                                               5,274                                                      5,274
     Repossessed assets (a)                                               4,084                                                      4,662
     Guarantee deposits
     Prepayment for leasehold improvement and other miscellaneous items      392                                                        482
     Post-employment benefits: defined benefit plan (note 39(b))             356                                                        383
     Other                                                                   749                                                        629
                                                                          5,490                                                      6,617
     Total
                                                                               74                                                         71
                                                                         28,613                                                    23,989
                                                                                                                                   56,313
                                                                         49,654
                                                                                                                                      2024
     (a) Repossessed assets                                              2025                                                           506
                                                                                                                                           5
               Land and buildings                                         449                                                           511
               Other repossessed assets                                       9                                                        (128)
               Total                                                                                                                    383
               Less: Impairment allowances                                458
               Net repossessed assets                                    (102)                                                        2024
                                                                                                                                  699,306
                                                                          356
                                                                                                                                        669
     Note: In 2025, the Group disposed of repossessed assets with a total carrying value of RMB86 million (2024: RMB52 million).  699,975

     34. Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                                                         2024
                                                                                                                                  697,014
     Principal (a)                                                           2025
     Accrued interest                                                    910,488                                                   37,744
                                                                                                                                  659,270
     Total                                                                  1,211
                                                                         911,699                                                     2,292
                                                                                                                                     1,157
     (a) Analysed by nature of counterparties                                2025                                                    1,135
                                                                                                                                  699,306
               In the mainland China                                     908,760
                  – Banks                                                 32,203
                  – Other financial institutions
                                                                         876,557
               Outside the mainland China
                  – Banks                                                   1,728
                  – Other financial institutions                            1,056

               Total                                                           672

                                                                         910,488
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                        237

Annual Report 2025 (H share)                                                              2024
                                                                                      234,453
35. Placements from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                                            923
Principal (a)                                                                  2025   235,376
Accrued interest                                                           249,635
                                                                                          2024
Total                                                                         1,066   153,837
                                                                           250,701    150,562

(a) Analysed by nature of counterparties                                       2025      3,275
                                                                                       80,616
          In the mainland China                                            174,442     80,397
             – Banks                                                       173,961
             – Other financial institutions                                                 219
                                                                                 481  234,453
          Outside the mainland China
             – Banks                                                        75,193
             – Other financial institutions                                 74,983

          Total                                                                  210

                                                                           249,635

36. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Financial liabilities held for trading (a)                                     2025     2024
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (b)   88,605    29,146
                                                                            31,894    38,315
Total                                                                      120,499    67,461

(a) Financial liabilities held for trading                                   2025       2024
                                                                           88,317     28,757
          Financial liabilities related to precious metal
          Short position on bonds                                              288        389
          Total                                                            88,605     29,146

(b) Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss

In the mainland China                                                        2025       2024
   – Other
                                                                           31,085     32,489
Outside the mainland China                                                 31,085     32,489
   – Debt securities issued
   – Other                                                                     809     5,826
                                                                                   –   5,567
Total
                                                                               809        259

                                                                           31,894     38,315

As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the difference between the fair values of the Group’s financial liabilities
designated at fair value through profit or loss and the contractual payable amount at maturity is not significant. The
amounts of changes in the fair value of these liabilities that are attributable to changes in credit risk of the Group
are not significant during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 and as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.
238  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     37. Amounts sold under repurchase agreements

     Principal (a)(b)                                                                    2025     2024
     Accrued interest                                                                  95,262   83,747

     Total                                                                                 148      295
                                                                                       95,410   84,042

     (a) Analysed by nature of counterparties                                            2025     2024
                                                                                                60,182
               In the mainland China                                                   81,106   56,941
                  – Banks                                                              77,482
                  – Other financial institutions                                                 3,241
                                                                                        3,624   23,565
               Outside the mainland China                                                       11,759
                  – Banks                                                              14,156   11,806
                  – Other financial institutions                                        9,873   83,747
                                                                                        4,283
               Total                                                                              2024
                                                                                       95,262   83,747
                                                                                                57,326
     (b) Analysed by underlying assets                                                   2025
                                                                                                 8,530
               Debt securities                                                         95,262   11,128
                  – Government bonds                                                   71,743
                  – Bonds issued by policy banks                                                 6,763
                  – Bonds issued by commercial banks and other financial institutions   5,007   83,747
                  – Other debt securities                                              17,564

               Total                                                                       948

                                                                                       95,262
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                         239

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

38. Deposits from customers

Principal (a)                                                                         2025                        2024
Accrued interest                                                               9,836,130                   9,096,587

Total                                                                              88,428                      98,742
                                                                               9,924,558                   9,195,329

(a) Analysed by nature of counterparties                                              2025                        2024

          Corporate customers                                                  5,340,216                   5,063,553
             – Demand deposits                                                 2,761,092                   2,772,365
             – Time deposits                                                   2,579,124                   2,291,188

          Retail customers                                                     4,495,914                   4,033,034
             – Demand deposits                                                 2,234,851                   1,980,251
             – Time deposits                                                   2,261,063                   2,052,783

          Total                                                                9,836,130                   9,096,587

(b) The deposits taken from customers as collateral or for the purpose of
       guarantees are as follows:

Guarantee for acceptance bills                                                                   2025          2024
Guarantee for loans
Guarantee for issuing letters of credit                                                      295,228       283,883
Deposit for letters of guarantee                                                              10,769        12,086
Other                                                                                         30,556        27,385
                                                                                              58,235        53,126
Total                                                                                         18,222        21,087

                                                                                             413,010       397,567

39. Staff welfare scheme

(a) Salaries and welfare payable

                                                                               2025

                                                                 Beginning          Charge/    Payment/     Ending
                                                                    balance      (Decrease)     transfers  balance
                                                                               for the year  in the year
                                                                      34,364                                35,771
Short-term employee benefits (i)                                          148  60,898        (59,491)           188
Post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans (ii)                      7,791         (7,751)
                                                                      34,512                                35,959
Total                                                                          68,689        (67,242)
                                                                                                             Ending
                                                                               2024                        balance
                                                                                                            34,364
                                                                               Charge/         Payment/
                                                                                               transfers        148
                                                                 Beginning (Decrease) for    in the year
                                                                                                                    –
                                                                 balance       the year                     34,512

Short-term employee benefits (i)                                 28,314        62,029        (55,979)
Post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans (ii)           361        6,059         (6,272)
Other long-term employee benefits
                                                                        4             –             (4)
  – cash settled share-based transactions                        28,679        68,088        (62,255)

Total
240  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)

     (a) Salaries and welfare payable (continued)

     (i) Short-term employee benefits

                                                                                     2025

                                                                      Beginning            Charge    Payment/     Ending
                                                                         balance     for the year     transfers  balance
                                                                                                   in the year
                                                                           28,838                                 30,526
     Salaries and bonus                                                          54  52,680        (50,992)             27
     Welfare expense                                                                  1,531         (1,558)
     Social insurance                                                          342    2,347         (2,354)           335
                                                                               327    2,196         (2,203)           320
       – Medical insurance                                                                63            (63)
       – Injury insurance                                                         5       88            (88)              5
       – Maternity insurance                                                     10   3,306         (3,333)             10
     Housing reserve                                                             51   1,034         (1,254)             24
     Labour union and employee education expenses                           5,079                                   4,859
                                                                                     60,898        (59,491)       35,771
     Total                                                                 34,364
                                                                                                                  Ending
                                                                                     2024                        balance
                                                                                                                  28,838
                                                                      Beginning           Charge     Payment/
                                                                         balance     for the year    transfers          54
                                                                                                   in the year        342
                                                                         23,592                                       327
     Salaries and bonus                                                        15    52,627        (47,381)
     Welfare expense                                                                  2,389         (2,350)               5
     Social insurance                                                        362      1,954         (1,974)             10
                                                                             345      1,812         (1,830)             51
       – Medical insurance                                                                50            (51)        5,079
       – Injury insurance                                                        6        92            (93)      34,364
       – Maternity insurance                                                   11     2,940         (3,030)
     Housing reserve                                                         141      2,119         (1,244)
     Labour union and employee education expenses                          4,204
                                                                                     62,029        (55,979)
     Total                                                               28,314
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                        241

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)

(a) Salaries and welfare payable (continued)

(ii) Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans

                                                                                2025

                                                                 Beginning            Charge    Payment/     Ending
                                                                    balance     for the year     transfers  balance
                                                                                              in the year
                                                                            69                                     53
Basic retirement insurance                                                  66  3,980         (3,996)            123
Supplementary pension                                                       13  3,672         (3,615)
Unemployment insurance                                                                                             12
                                                                          148     139           (140)
Total                                                                                                            188
                                                                                7,791         (7,751)

                                                                                2024

                                                                 Beginning           Charge     Payment/     Ending
                                                                    balance     for the year    transfers   balance
                                                                                              in the year
                                                                        179                                       69
Basic retirement insurance                                              161     3,519         (3,629)             66
Supplementary pension                                                           2,430         (2,525)             13
Unemployment insurance                                                    21
                                                                                  110           (118)           148
Total                                                                   361
                                                                                6,059         (6,272)

In accordance with the regulations in the PRC, the Group participates in statutory pension schemes organised by
the municipal and provincial governments for its all employees (endowment insurance). During the year ended 31
December 2025, the Group’s contributions to these pension schemes are determined by local governments and vary
at a range of 14% to 17% (2024: 14% to 16%) of the staff salaries and bonuses.

In addition to the above statutory pension schemes, the Group has established a supplementary defined contribution
plan for its employees (annuity insurance) in accordance with relevant annuity policies for corporate entities in the
PRC. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s annual contributions to this plan are calculated at 8%
of the staff salaries and bonuses (2024: not exceeding 8%).

For its employees outside the mainland China, the Group participates in defined contribution retirement schemes at
funding rates determined in accordance with the local practices and regulations.
242  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)

     (b) Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan

     The Group’s subsidiary CMB WLB operates a defined benefit plan (the “plan”) for the staff, which includes a
     defined benefit scheme and a defined benefit pension scheme. Contributions to the plan are determined based on
     periodic valuations by qualified actuaries on the assets and liabilities of the plan. The plan provides benefits based
     on members’ final salary. The costs are solely funded by CMB WLB.

     The latest actuarial valuation of the plan as at 31 December 2025 was performed by Towers Watson Hong Kong
     Limited, a professional actuarial firm in accordance with IAS 19 Employee Benefits. The present values of the defined
     benefit obligation and current service cost of the plan are calculated based on the projected unit credit method. At
     the valuation date, the plan had a funding level of 132% (2024: 133%).

     The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are
     analysed as follows:

     Fair value of the plan assets                                                           2025     2024
     Present value of the funded defined benefit obligation                                   306      283
                                                                                             (232)    (212)
     Net asset recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position                   74       71

     A portion of the above asset is expected to be recovered after more than one year. However, it is not practicable
     to segregate this amount from the amounts receivable in the next twelve months, as future contributions will
     also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions and market conditions. No
     contribution to the plan is expected to be paid in 2026.

     There was no plan amendment, curtailment or settlement impact for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

     The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows:

     Current service cost                                                                    2025     2024
     Net interest income                                                                         (6)      (7)
                                                                                                  3        1
     Net expense for the year included in retirement benefit costs                               (3)      (6)

     The actual gain on the plan assets for the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB51 million (2024: gain of RMB24
     million).

     The movements in the defined benefit obligation during the year are as follows:

     Present value of obligation at 1 January                                                2025     2024
     Current service cost
     Interest cost                                                                            212      217
     Actual benefits paid                                                                         6        7
     Actuarial gains or losses due to liability experience                                        6        7
     Actuarial gains or losses due to financial assumption changes
     Actuarial gains or losses due to demographic assumption changes                           (14)     (18)
     Exchange difference                                                                        13       12
     Actual obligation at 31 December                                                           18      (20)

                                                                                                  –        –
                                                                                                 (9)       7
                                                                                              232      212

     The movements in the fair value of the plan assets during the year are as follows:      2025     2024

     Fair value of the plan assets at 1 January                                               283      267
     Interest income                                                                              9        8
     Expected return on plan assets
     Actual benefits paid                                                                       42       16
     Exchange difference                                                                       (14)     (18)
     Fair value of the plan assets at 31 December                                              (14)      10
                                                                                              306      283
China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                 243

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

39. Staff welfare scheme (continued)

(b) Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plan (continued)

The major categories of the plan assets are as follows:

Equities                                                                     2025      %           2024      %
Bonds
Cash                                                               Amount           58.5  Amount          54.8
                                                                                    17.3                  19.8
Total                                                                    179        24.2       155        25.4
                                                                           53                    56
                                                                           74      100.0         72      100.0

                                                                         306                   283

As at 31 December 2025, deposit with the Bank included in the amount of the plan assets was RMB65 million (2024:
RMB63 million).

The principal actuarial assumptions adopted in the valuation are as follows:

Discount rate                                                                             2025           2024
   – Defined benefit scheme                                                                  %              %
   – Defined benefit pension scheme
                                                                                            2.7            3.1
Long-term average rate of salary increase for the plan                                      2.5            3.7
Pension increase rate for the defined benefit pension plan                                  4.0            3.0

                                                                                               –              –

In 2025 and 2024, there were no significant change in the amount of retirement benefit plan liabilities due to
changes in the above-mentioned actuarial assumptions.

40. Tax payable                                                                             2025           2024

          Corporate income tax                                                             9,051          5,680
          Value added tax                                                                  3,711          3,963
          Other                                                                            1,951          2,070
          Total
                                                                                          14,713         11,713

41. Contract liabilities                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                                          2,090          2,838
          Credit card points                                                              1,458          1,355
          Other deferred fee and commission income                                        3,548          4,193
          Total
244  China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     42. Provisions

     Expected credit losses on provisions                                                                 2025                   2024
     Other                                                                                              14,963                 14,712

     Total                                                                                               1,956                  2,050
                                                                                                        16,919                 16,762

     The expected credit losses for loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts by stages are as follows:

     Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                                                                               2025                   2024
     Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL-not credit-impaired)
     Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL-credit-impaired)                                                             13,611                 12,560
                                                                                                         1,036                  1,338
     Total                                                                                                  316                    814

                                                                                                        14,963                 14,712

     43. Debt securities issued

     Debt securities issued                                                       Notes                     2025                   2024
     Negotiable interbank certificates of deposit issued                            (a)
     Certificates of deposit and other debt securities issued (note)                                     80,963                 85,003
     Accrued interest                                                                                    11,259                 89,186
                                                                                                         50,181                 47,394
     Total
                                                                                                           1,084                  1,338

                                                                                                        143,487                222,921

     Note: Other debt securities issued are notes issued by overseas subsidiaries of the Bank.

     (a) Debt securities issued

     As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by the Bank were as follows:

                                                                                  Issue Discount or                 Repayment

                         Term to Date of       Annual         Nominal Beginning   during premium Exchange           during     Ending
                         maturity issuance     interest rate
     Debt type                                 (%)            value      balance  the year amortisation difference  the year   balance

                                               1.25           (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
                                               2.00
     Medium term note    60 months  2021/9/1   2.65           USD300     2,195                  –  (1)  (90)        –          2,104
     Medium term note    36 months  2022/3/2   2.40
     Fixed rate bond     36 months  2022/5/11  2.77           USD400     2,938                  –  –    (68)        (2,870)    –
     Fixed rate bond     36 months  2022/9/1   SOFR+0.65
     Fixed rate bond     36 months  2023/3/27  2.35           RMB5,000   5,000                  –  –    –           (5,000)    –
     Medium term note    36 months  2023/6/13  5.22
     Fixed rate bond     36 months  2024/3/22  5.78           RMB10,000  9,999                  –  1    –           (10,000)   –
     Medium term note    36 months  2024/7/10  1.90
     Medium term note    36 months  2024/7/15  1.66           RMB5,000   4,999                  –  –    –           –          4,999
     Fixed rate bond     36 months  2025/2/25  DR+0.34
     Fixed rate bond     36 months  2025/6/5   1.85           USD400     2,927                  –  –    (125)       –          2,802
     Floating rate bond  36 months  2025/12/3
     Fixed rate bond     60 months  2025/12/3                 RMB5,000   4,999                  –  –    –           –          4,999

                                                              USD400     2,955                  –  –    (134)       –          2,821

                                                              USD300     2,212                  –  (1)  (95)        –          2,116

                                                              RMB5,000   –        5,000            (1)  –           –          4,999

                                                              RMB5,000   –        5,000            (1)  –           –          4,999

                                                              RMB3,500   –        3,500            –    –           –          3,500

                                                              RMB1,500   –        1,500            –    –           –          1,500

     Total                                                               38,224   15,000           (3)  (512)       (17,870)   34,839

     SOFR represents Secured Overnight Financing Rate. DR represents rate securities as pledges for deposit-taking institutions in the inter-bank market
     published by the China Foreign Exchange Trade System.

     Note:      Financial bonds issued by the Bank that were held by CMB WLB amounted to a total of RMB314 million equivalent as of 31 December 2025 (31
                December 2024: RMB364 million equivalent).
China Merchants Bank            Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                              245

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

43. Debt securities issued (continued)

(a) Debt securities issued (continued)

As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by CMBFL and its subsidiary were as follows:

                                                                              Issue Discount or                 Repayment

                    Term to Date of         Annual         Nominal Beginning  during premium Exchange           during     Ending
                    maturity issuance       interest rate
Debt type                                   (%)            value     balance  the year amortisation difference  the year   balance

                                            3.63           (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
                                            4.25
Fixed rate bond     120 months  2019/7/3    1.88           USD100    716      –      1           (16)           –          701
Fixed rate bond     120 months  2020/7/14   2.75
Fixed rate bond     60 months   2020/8/12   2.00           RMB2,000  1,995    –      5           –              (2,000)    –
Fixed rate bond     120 months  2020/8/12   2.88
Fixed rate bond     60 months   2021/2/4    2.00           USD800    5,748    –      3           (38)           (5,713)    –
Fixed rate bond     120 months  2021/2/4    1.75
Fixed rate bond     60 months   2021/3/24   SOFR+1.40      USD400    2,860    –      3           (61)           –          2,802
Fixed rate bond     60 months   2021/9/16   3.50
Floating rate bond  60 months   2022/12/16  SOFR+1.00      USD400    2,873    –      2           (61)           –          2,814
Fixed rate bond     24 months   2023/2/17   SOFR+1.05
Floating rate bond  24 months   2023/5/31   3.05           USD400    2,855    –      3           (61)           –          2,797
Floating rate bond  36 months   2023/6/13   SOFR+0.95
Fixed rate bond     18 months   2023/7/10   SOFR+1.30      USD20     143      –      –           (2)            –          141
Floating rate bond  24 months   2023/8/16   SOFR+1.00
Floating rate bond  60 months   2023/8/18   SOFR+0.95      USD300    2,151    –      3           (46)           –          2,108
Floating rate bond  36 months   2023/8/23   2.80
Floating rate bond  24 months   2023/8/25   3.35           USD100    719      –      –           (16)           –          703
Fixed rate bond     36 months   2023/11/16  SOFR+1.10
Fixed rate bond     36 months   2023/11/27  2.90           RMB500    500      –      –           –              (500)      –
Floating rate bond  36 months   2023/11/30  2.45
Fixed rate bond     36 months   2023/12/5   SOFR+1.05      USD75     539      –      –           –              (539)      –
Fixed rate bond     36 months   2024/3/5    SOFR+1.00
Floating rate bond  36 months   2024/3/12   SOFR+0.64      USD103    739      –      1           (16)           –          724
Floating rate bond  36 months   2024/3/27   SOFR+0.65
Floating rate bond  12 months   2024/4/16   2.20           RMB700    700      –      –           –              (700)      –
Floating rate bond  12 months   2024/4/22   SOFR+0.76
Fixed rate bond     36 months   2024/5/23   SOFR+0.76      USD100    719      –      –           (5)            (714)      –
Floating rate bond  36 months   2024/6/4    SOFR+0.76
Floating rate bond  36 months   2024/8/7    SOFR+0.639     USD50     358      –      –           (7)            –          351
Floating rate bond  36 months   2024/10/8   SOFR+0.45
Floating rate bond  48 months   2024/10/25  SOFR+0.49      USD300    2,152    –      3           (46)           –          2,109
Floating rate bond  12 months   2024/11/20  SOFR+0.49
Floating rate bond  12 months   2024/11/27  1.75           USD100    718      –      –           (4)            (714)      –
Floating rate bond  12 months   2024/12/17  SOFR+0.80
Fixed rate bond     36 months   2025/5/22   SOFR+0.68      RMB2,500  2,496    –      2           –              –          2,498
Floating rate bond  60 months   2025/6/5    1.71
Floating rate bond  36 months   2025/6/5    SOFR+0.63      RMB350    349      –      –           –              –          349
Fixed rate bond     36 months   2025/7/23   SOFR+0.35
Floating rate bond  36 months   2025/9/25                  USD50     359      –      –           (7)            –          352
Floating rate bond  3 months    2025/12/17
                                                           RMB4,000  3,994    –      4           –              –          3,998

                                                           RMB3,000  2,995    –      2           –              –          2,997

                                                           USD40     288      –      –           (7)            –          281

                                                           USD67     481      –      –           (10)           –          471

                                                           USD20     144      –      –           –              (144)      –

                                                           USD30     216      –      –           –              (216)      –

                                                           RMB2,500  2,495    –      2           –              –          2,497

                                                           USD500    3,588    –      3           (77)           –          3,514

                                                           USD257    1,849    –      (1)         (39)           –          1,809

                                                           USD30     216      –      –           (5)            –          211

                                                           USD30     216      –      –           (5)            –          211

                                                           USD50     359      –      –           (5)            (354)      –

                                                           USD100    719      –      –           (11)           (708)      –

                                                           USD30     216      –      –           (4)            (212)      –

                                                           RMB2,000  –        2,000  (3)         –              –          1,997

                                                           USD400    –        2,875  –           (65)           –          2,810

                                                           USD300    –        2,156  1           (49)           –          2,108

                                                           RMB1,500  –        1,500  (3)         –              –          1,497

                                                           USD50     –        356    –           (4)            –          352

                                                           USD5      –        35     –           –              –          35

Total                                                                47,465   8,922  31          (667)          (12,514)   43,237

Note:      Financial bonds issued by CMBFL that were held by the Bank amounted to a total of RMB150 million equivalent as of 31 December 2025
           (31 December 2024: Nil). Financial bonds issued by CMB International Leasing Management Limited (CMBILM), a wholly-owned subsidiary
           of CMBFL, that were separately held by the Bank and CMB WLB amounted to a total of RMB1,884 million equivalent and RMB212 million
           equivalent as of 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB1,533 million equivalent and RMB236 million equivalent).
246  China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     43. Debt securities issued (continued)

     (a) Debt securities issued (continued)

               As at the end of the reporting period, debt securities issued by CMBIC’s subsidiary was as follows:

                                               Annual                         Issue Discount or                 Repayment
                                               interest
                         Term to    Date of    rate       Nominal Beginning   during premium Exchange               during    Ending
                         maturity   issuance   (%)
     Debt type                                            value   balance     the year amortisation difference      the year  balance
                                    2024/4/29  3.15
                                    2024/6/26  SOFR+0.65  (in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million) (RMB in million)
                                    2025/8/26  SOFR+0.60
     Fixed rate bond     24 months  2025/8/26  SOFR+0.68  RMB720       719    –      1           –                  –         720
     Floating rate bond  36 months                        USD100
     Floating rate bond  36 months                        USD300       728    –      1           (31)               –         698
     Floating rate bond  60 months                        USD300
                                                                       –      2,136  (1)         (40)               –         2,095

                                                                       –      2,136  (1)         (40)               –         2,095

     Total                                                             1,447  4,272  –           (111)              –         5,608

     Note:      Financial bond issued by Legend Fortune Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CMBIC, that was held by CMB WLB amounted to a total of
                RMB161 million equivalent as of 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: Nil).

     44. Other liabilities

     Clearing and settlement accounts                                                                2025                         2024
     Salary risk allowances (note)
     Dividend Payable                                                                               8,348                      15,151
     Continuing involvement liability                                                             48,950                       48,950
     Collecting on behalf of customers                                                            25,574
     Cheques and remittances returned                                                                                                 26
     Other payable                                                                                  5,274                        5,274
                                                                                                       602
     Total                                                                                                8                         885
                                                                                                                                       7
                                                                                                  41,278
                                                                                                                               40,097
                                                                                                 130,034
                                                                                                                              110,390

     Note:      Salary risk allowances are specific funds withheld from the employees’ annual remunerations of which the payments are delayed for the
                purpose of risk management. The allocation of the funds is based on performance assessment and risk management results, taking into
                account the short term and long term benefit. In the event of a decline in the asset quality, a sharp deterioration of risk profiles and
                profitability, the occurrence of legal case, or a significant regulatory violation identified by any regulatory authorities, the relevant employees
                will be restricted from the allocation of these allowances.

     45. Share capital

     By type of shares:                                                                                             2025 and 2024
                                                                                                                      No. of shares
        – A Shares                                                                                                         (in million)
        – H Shares
     Total                                                                                                                      20,629
                                                                                                                                 4,591

                                                                                                                                25,220

     All H Shares are ordinary shares and rank pari passu with the A Shares. There is no restriction on these shares.

     At 31 December 2025 and 2024                                                                    Capital                  Amount
                                                                                     No. of shares                              25,220

                                                                                          (in million)
                                                                                              25,220
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                 247

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

46. Other equity instruments

(a) Preference shares

                                          Issuance Accounting          Dividend      Issue price  No.           Amount     Due date     Conversion
                                             date classification           rate                                 (RMB in                 conditions Conversion
                                                                                                                 million)
                                       22 Dec 2017 Equity instruments                             (millions of
                                                                                                                 27,468
                                                                                                  shares)
                                                                                                                 27,468
Domestic Preference Shares (note (i))                                  3.62% RMB 100/Share        275                      Perpetual existence Note (ii) None
Total
                                                                                                  275

The changes of Preference Shares issued were as follows:

                                                                       1 January 2025                           Increase/(decrease)     31 December 2025

                                       Issuance date                          No.    Amount              No.               Amount               No.   Amount
                                       22 Dec 2017                     (millions of  (RMB in      (millions of             (RMB in      (millions of  (RMB in
                                                                                     million)                              million)                   million)
                                                                           shares)                    shares)                               shares)

Domestic Preference Shares (note (i))                                            275 27,468                     –                    –  275 27,468
Total
                                                                                 275 27,468                     –                    –  275 27,468

Notes:

(i)     Pursuant to the approvals by the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued non-cumulative Domestic Preference Shares in

        the aggregate nominal value of RMB27,500 million on 22 December 2017. Each Domestic Preference Share has a nominal value of RMB100

        and 275 million Domestic Preference Shares were issued in total. The dividend rate is initially at 4.81% and subject to reset per agreement

        subsequently, but not exceeds 16.68%. On 18 December 2022, five years after the issuance of the Domestic Preference Shares, the Bank

        adjusted the dividend rate per annum to 3.62% in accordance with market rules.

(ii)    Domestic Preference Shares have clauses that state certain events would trigger mandatory conversion, those clauses are as follows:

        (1)           Upon the occurrence of any additional Tier 1 Capital Instrument Trigger Event, that is, the Common Equity Tier 1 Adequacy Ratio

                      drops to 5.125% or below, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the consent of the holders of Preference Shares, all or

                      part of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total nominal value of the Preference

                      Shares in order to restore the Common Equity Tier 1 Adequacy Ratio of the Bank to above 5.125%. In the case of partial conversion,

                      the Preference Shares shall be converted on a pro rata basis and on identical conditions.

        (2)           Upon the occurrence of a Tier 2 Capital Trigger Event, the Bank shall have the right to convert, without the consent of the holders of

                      Preference Shares, all or part of the Preference Shares then issued and outstanding into Ordinary A Shares based on the total nominal

                      value of the Preference Shares. A Tier 2 Capital Trigger Event refers the earlier of the following events: 1) NFRA having concluded

                      that without a conversion or write-off, the Bank would become non-viable, and 2) the relevant authorities having concluded that

                      without a public sector injection of capital or equivalent support, the Bank would become non-viable.

        Upon the occurrence of the above mandatory conversion events, the Bank shall report to the NFRA for review and determination. The Bank
        shall fulfil the relevant information disclosure requirements of the Securities Law, the CSRC and Hong Kong’s relevant laws and regulations
        such as making provisional reports or announcements in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.

Dividends on the Domestic Preference Shares shall be paid in cash. Save for such dividend at the agreed dividend rate, the holders of the above
Preference Shares are not entitled to share the remaining profits of the Bank with the ordinary shareholders. Dividend is non-cumulative. The Bank has
the right to cancel any dividend on Preference Shares, and such cancellation shall not be deemed as a default. After the cancellation of all or part of the
dividend to preference shareholders, the Bank shall not make any ordinary shares distribution, until the Preference Shares dividend is resumed in full.
As the dividends on the Domestic Preference Shares are non-cumulative, the Bank will not distribute the dividends that were cancelled in prior years to
Preference Shares holders.

The Domestic Preference Shares have no maturity date. However, after the fifth anniversary of the issuance date, subject to the satisfaction of the
redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the NFRA, the Domestic Preference Shares may be redeemed in whole or in part at the
discretion of the Bank, but the Bank does not have the obligation to redeem the Preference Shares. The holders of Preference Shares do not have the
right to demand the Bank to redeem the Preference Shares and shall not expect that Preference Shares will be redeemed.

The funds raised by the Preference Shares above have been included in additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank.
248  China Merchants Bank                   Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     46. Other equity instruments (continued)

     (b) Perpetual Bonds

                                            Issuance Accounting             Interest                 No.       Amount Due date                Conversion
                                               date classification             rate Issue price                                               conditions Conversion

                                                                             3.69% RMB 100/Unit      (millions of units) (RMB in million)
                                                                             3.41% RMB 100/Unit
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (ii))   7 Dec 2021 Equity instruments    2.42% RMB 100/Unit      430       42,989 Perpetual existence     None              None
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (iii))  1 Dec 2023 Equity instruments    2.13% RMB 100/Unit
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (iv))   5 Nov 2024 Equity instruments    2.05% RMB 100/Unit      300       30,000 Perpetual existence     None              None
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (v))    29 Apr 2025 Equity instruments
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (vi))   29 May 2025 Equity instruments                           300       30,000 Perpetual existence     None              None

     Total                                                                                           200       20,000 Perpetual existence     None              None

                                                                                                     270       27,000 Perpetual existence     None              None

                                                                                                     1,500     149,989

     The movement of Perpetual Bonds issued were as follows:

                                                                            1 January 2025           Increase/(decrease)                      31 December 2025

                                            Issuance date                   No.             Amount   No.                  Amount              No.               Amount

                                            9 Jul 2020     (millions of units) (RMB in million)      (millions of units) (RMB in million)     (millions of units) (RMB in million)
                                            7 Dec 2021
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (i))    1 Dec 2023                      500             49,989   (500)                (49,989)            –                       –
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (ii))   5 Nov 2024
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (iii))  29 Apr 2025                     430             42,989          –                              –  430               42,989
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (iv))   29 May 2025
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (v))                                    300             30,000          –                              –  300               30,000
     Domestic Perpetual Bonds (note (vi))
                                                                            300             30,000          –                              –  300               30,000
     Total
                                                                            –               –        200                  20,000              200               20,000

                                                                            –               –        270                  27,000              270               27,000

                                                                            1,530           152,978  (30)                 (2,989)             1,500             149,989

     Notes:

     (i)     With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB50,000 million of 2020 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

             Undated Additional Tier 1 Capital Bonds (Series 1) (the “Perpetual Bonds 2020”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 9 July 2020. The

             unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2020. In any coupon

             rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2020 will continue to

             be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate. With the approval of the NFRA, the Bank fully redeemed the bonds on 9 July 2025.

     (ii)    With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB43,000 million of 2021 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

             Undated Additional Tier 1 Capital Bonds (the “Perpetual Bonds 2021”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 7 December 2021. The unit

             face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2021. In any coupon rate

             adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2021 will continue to be

             outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

     (iii)   With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB30,000 million of 2023 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

             Undated Additional Tier 1 Capital Bonds (the “Perpetual Bonds 2023) in the national inter-bank bond market on 1 December 2023. The unit

             face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2023. In any coupon rate

             adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2023 will continue to be

             outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

     (iv)    With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB30,000 million of 2024 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

             Undated Additional Tier 1 Capital Bonds (Bond Connect) (the “Perpetual Bonds 2024”) in the national inter-bank bond market on 5 November

             2024. The unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds 2024. In any

             coupon rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2024 will

             continue to be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

     (v)     With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB20,000 million of 2025 China Merchants Bank Co.,

             Ltd. Undated Additional Tier 1 Capital Bonds (Series 1) (Bond Connect) (the “Perpetual Bonds 2025 Series 1”) in the national inter-bank bond

             market on 29 April 2025. The unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the Perpetual

             Bonds 2025 Series 1. In any coupon rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed rate. The

             Perpetual Bonds 2025 Series 1 will continue to be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

     (vi)    With the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB27,000 million of 2025 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.

             Undated Additional Tier 1 Capital Bonds (Series 2) (Bond Connect) (the “Perpetual Bonds 2025 Series 2”, together with Perpetual Bonds 2020,

             Perpetual Bonds 2021, Perpetual Bonds 2023, Perpetual Bonds 2024, Perpetual Bonds 2025 Series 1, “Perpetual Bonds”) in the national inter-

             bank bond market on 29 May 2025. The unit face value is RMB100. The coupon rate adjusted period is every 5 years from the issuance of the

             Perpetual Bonds 2025 Series 2. In any coupon rate adjusted period, the coupon rate of the Perpetual Bonds will remain at a prescribed fixed

             rate. The Perpetual Bonds 2025 Series 2 will continue to be outstanding so long as the Bank continues to operate.

     From the fifth anniversary since the issuance of the Perpetual Bonds, the Bank has the right to redeem in whole or in part the Perpetual Bonds on the
     annual interest payment date (including the interest payment date on the fifth year since the issuance date) subject to the approval of the NFRA and the
     satisfaction of the redemption preconditions. If, after the issuance, the Perpetual Bonds no longer qualify as additional Tier 1 capital as a result of an
     unforeseeable change to relevant provisions of supervisory regulation, the Bank has the right to redeem the whole but not part of the Perpetual Bonds.
     The investors do not have the right to sell back the Perpetual Bonds to the Bank.

     The claims in respect of the Perpetual Bonds will be subordinated to the claims of depositors, general creditors, and subordinated debts that rank senior
     to the Perpetual Bonds, and will rank in priority to all classes of shares held by the Bank’s shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in respect of
     any other additional Tier 1 capital instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the Perpetual Bonds.

     The coupon rate will be reset on each benchmark rate reset date (i.e. the date of every five years from the issuance date). The adjusted coupon rate
     will be determined based on the benchmark interest rate at adjustment date plus the fixed spread as determined at the time of issuance. The Perpetual
     Bonds do not contain interest rate step-up mechanism or any other redemption incentives. The Bank has the right to cancel, in whole or in part,
     distributions on the Perpetual Bonds and any such cancellation will not constitute an event of default. The bond interests are non-cumulative, and any
     cancelled distribution is not carried to the following year. The Bank will fully consider the interests of bondholders when exercising this right. The Bank
     can use the cancelled bond interest for the current period at its discretion to repay other due debts. Cancellation of any distributions to the Perpetual
     Bonds, no matter in whole or in part, will not impose any other restriction on the Bank, except in relation to dividend distributions to ordinary shares.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                               249

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

46. Other equity instruments (continued)

(b)  Perpetual Bonds (continued)

     Notes: (continued)

     Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the Bank has the right to write off in whole or in part, without the need for the consent of the
     bond holders, the principal amount of the Perpetual Bonds. A Non-Viability Trigger Event refers to the earlier of the following events: (i) NFRA having
     concluded that without a write-off, the Bank would become non-viable; (ii) the relevant authorities having concluded that without a public sector
     injection of capital or equivalent support, the Bank would become non-viable. The write-off will not be restored.

     The funds raised by the bonds issuances have been used to supplement additional Tier 1 capital of the Bank in accordance with applicable laws and the
     approval of the relevant authorities.

(c) Relative Information Attributed to Equity Instrument Holders

     Equity attributed to shareholders of the Bank                                    2025           2024
        – Equity attributed to ordinary shareholders of the Bank
        – Equity attributed to other equity instrument holders of the Bank     1,272,875      1,226,014
           Including: Net profit                                               1,095,418      1,045,568
                         Total comprehensive income
                         Distributions in current year                           177,457        180,446
                         Cumulative undistributed dividends                          6,307          5,581
                                                                                     6,307          5,581
     Equity attributed to non-controlling interests                                 (6,307)        (5,581)
        – Equity attributed to non-controlling holders of ordinary shares                  –              –
                                                                                     8,024          7,461
                                                                                     8,024          7,461

47. Capital reserve                                                              2025           2024
                                                                               65,429         65,432
          Capital reserve primarily represents share premium of the Bank.
                                                                                    (20)            (3)
          At 1 January                                                         65,409         65,429
          Decrease
          At 31 December

48. Investment revaluation reserve                                               2025           2024

          Debt instruments measured at FVTOCI: investment revaluation reserve  15,678         29,946
          Fair value gain on equity instruments designated at FVTOCI            8,508          5,916
          Remeasurement of defined benefit scheme                                  111            102
          Share of other comprehensive income of equity-accounted investees       (723)        2,421
          Total
                                                                               23,574         38,385

49. Hedging reserve

          The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of hedging
          instruments used in cash flow hedges. Subsequent recognition of the hedged cash flow is accounted for in
          accordance with the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedge in Note 4(5).
250  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     50. Surplus reserve

     Statutory surplus reserve is calculated according to the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
     Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) and is provided at 10% of the
     audited profit after tax of the Bank.

     At 1 January                                                                2025       2024
     Appropriation for the year                                              122,652    108,737

     At 31 December                                                           13,618     13,915
                                                                             136,270    122,652

     51. General reserve

     The general reserve is an integral part of equity. According to the relevant regulations, in addition to the impairment
     allowances, the Bank maintains a general reserve to make up for unidentified potential losses. The balance of
     general reserve includes 1.5% of the ending balance of risk assets, country risk provisions allocated as required by
     regulations for country risk exposures with medium, high, and very high country risk ratings and 2.5% of the income
     of mutual fund custody businesses. The general reserve of the Group also includes the general reserve maintained
     by the subsidiaries of the Group according to the applicable laws and regulations of their industry or region.

     At 1 January                                                                2025       2024
     Appropriation for the year                                              154,932    141,481

     At 31 December                                                             8,549    13,451
                                                                             163,481    154,932

     52. Profit appropriations                                                 2025       2024

     (a) Dividends approved/declared by shareholders                         25,548             –
                                                                             50,440             –
               Ordinary share dividends in 2025 interim, approved and                   49,734
                  declared: RMB1.013 per share                                       –  49,734
                                                                             75,988
               Ordinary share dividends in 2024, approved, declared and
                  distributed: RMB2.000 per share

               Ordinary share dividends in 2023, approved, declared and
                  distributed: RMB1.972 per share

               Total

     (b) Proposed profit appropriations                                        2025       2024
                                                                             13,618     13,915
               Statutory surplus reserve                                                13,451
               General reserve                                                8,549
               Cash dividends for the year-end of 2025: RMB1.003 per share              50,440
                                                                             25,296     77,806
                  (For the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB2.000 per share)  47,463
               Total

     The profit appropriation plan for 2025 is proposed in accordance with the resolution passed at the meeting of the
     Board of Directors held on 27 March 2026 and will be submitted to the 2025 Annual General Meeting for approval.

     53. Exchange reserve

               Exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements
               of operations outside the mainland China.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                     251

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
      bank’s equity

Assets                                                                     2025            2024
Cash
Precious metals                                                          14,433          16,119
Balances with central banks                                              38,517           9,307
Balances with banks and other financial institutions                   553,779
Placements with banks and other financial institutions                 138,171         555,154
Amounts held under resale agreements                                   486,065         173,859
Loans and advances to customers                                        254,506         376,530
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               6,662,680          269,987
Derivative financial assets                                            575,922      6,300,684
Debt investments at amortised cost                                       18,208        546,965
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income   2,051,231
Equity investments designated at fair value through other           1,156,344            31,815
                                                                                    1,908,600
   comprehensive income                                                  12,065
Investments in subsidiaries                                              75,645        922,824
Interests in joint ventures                                              19,230
Interests in associates                                                                  11,517
Investment properties                                                      8,408         61,645
Property and equipment                                                     1,062         18,724
Right-of-use assets                                                      29,216
Intangible assets                                                        14,746            8,042
Deferred tax assets                                                        1,079             841
Other assets                                                             86,376
                                                                         31,414          27,695
Total assets                                                                             16,324
                                                                   12,229,097
Liabilities                                                                                1,292
Borrowing from central banks                                           111,077           80,031
Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                   903,310           40,659
Placements from banks and other financial institutions
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss               61,817    11,378,614
Derivative financial liabilities                                         88,317
Amounts sold under repurchase agreements                                 17,647        189,934
Deposits from customers                                                  71,947        692,390
Salaries and welfare payable                                        9,547,148
Tax payable                                                              30,386          46,741
Contract liabilities                                                     12,447          34,469
Lease liabilities                                                                        31,089
Provisions                                                                 3,535         53,887
Debt securities issued                                                   10,787     8,874,817
Other liabilities                                                        16,829          29,751
                                                                         76,397
Total liabilities                                                      102,041             9,668
                                                                                           4,159
Equity                                                             11,053,685            12,294
Share capital                                                                            16,638
Other equity instruments                                                 25,220        156,146
Capital reserve                                                        177,457           83,546
Investment revaluation reserve
Hedging reserve                                                          76,056    10,235,529
Surplus reserve                                                          17,838
General reserve                                                                          25,220
Retained earnings                                                              27      180,446
Proposed profit appropriation                                          136,270
Exchange reserve                                                       150,236           76,076
                                                                       566,623           36,366
Total equity
                                                                         25,296                  4
Total equity and liabilities                                                 389       122,652
                                                                                       142,486
                                                                    1,175,412          508,957

                                                                   12,229,097            50,440
                                                                                             438

                                                                                    1,143,085

                                                                                   11,378,614
252  China Merchants Bank              Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     54. The bank’s statement of financial position and changes in the
           bank’s equity (continued)

                                                   Other equity
                                                   instruments

                                                                          Investment                                            Proposed

                                               Share Preference Perpetual Capital revaluation Hedging Surplus General Retained  profit Exchange

                                               capital shares bonds reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve earnings appropriation reserve Total

     At 1 January 2025                         25,220 27,468 152,978 76,076 36,366    4 122,652 142,486 508,957                 50,440 438 1,143,085

     Changes in equity for the year            –   – (2,989) (20) (18,528) 23 13,618 7,750 57,666 (25,144) (49) 32,327

     Net profit for the year                   –   –             –  –     –           –  –      – 136,184                       –         – 136,184

     Other comprehensive income for the year   –   –             –  – (18,527) 23        –      –  –                            –         (49) (18,553)

     Total comprehensive income for the year   –   –             –  – (18,527) 23        –      – 136,184                       –         (49) 117,631

     Capital movement from equity holders      –   – (2,989) (20)         –           –  –      –  –                            –         – (3,009)

     Issue of perpetual bonds                  –   – 47,000 (9)           –           –  –      –  –                            –         – 46,991

     Redemption of perpetual bonds             –   – (49,989) (11)        –           –  –      –  –                            –         – (50,000)

     Profit appropriations                     –   –             –  –     –           – 13,618 7,750 (78,519) (25,144)                    – (82,295)

     Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve –  –             –  –     –           – 13,618  – (13,618)                      –         –      –

     Appropriation to general reserve          –   –             –  –     –           –  – 7,750 (7,750)                        –         –      –

     Dividends paid (Note)                     –   –             –  –     –           –  –      – (25,548) (50,440)                       – (75,988)

     Proposed year-end dividends for the year

     2025                                      –   –             –  –     –           –  –      – (25,296)                      25,296    –      –

     Dividends to preference shares            –   –             –  –     –           –  –      – (996)                         –         – (996)

     Distribution to perpetual bonds           –   –             –  –     –           –  –      – (5,311)                       –         – (5,311)

     Transfers within equity upon disposal of

     equity instruments designated at FVTOCI –     –             –  –     (1) –          –      –  1                            –         –      –

     At 31 December 2025                       25,220 27,468 149,989 76,056 17,838 27 136,270 150,236 566,623                   25,296 389 1,175,412

     Note:  Includes interim dividends on ordinary shares of RMB25,548 million for 2025 and annual dividends on ordinary shares of RMB50,440 million
            for 2024.

                                                   Other equity
                                                   instruments

                                                                          Investment                                            Proposed

                                               Share Preference Perpetual Capital revaluation Hedging Surplus General Retained  profit Exchange

                                               capital shares bonds reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve earnings appropriation reserve Total

     At 1 January 2024                         25,220 27,468 122,978 76,079 14,354 11 108,737 129,085 453,168                   49,734 360 1,007,194

     Changes in equity for the year            –   – 30,000 (3) 22,012 (7) 13,915 13,401 55,789                                 706       78 135,891

     Net profit for the year                   –   –                ––    –           –  –      – 139,148                       –         – 139,148

     Other comprehensive income for the year   –   –                – – 21,990 (7) –            –  –                            –         78 22,061

     Total comprehensive income for the year   –   –                – – 21,990 (7) –            – 139,148                       –         78 161,209

     Issue of perpetual bonds                  –   – 30,000 (3)           –           –  –      –  –                            –         – 29,997

     Profit appropriations                     –   –                ––    –           – 13,915 13,401 (83,337)                  706       – (55,315)

     Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve –  –                ––    –           – 13,915  – (13,915)                      –         –      –

     Appropriation to general reserve          –   –                ––    –           –  – 13,401 (13,401)                      –         –      –

     Dividends paid for the year 2023          –   –                ––    –           –  –      –  – (49,734)                             – (49,734)

     Proposed dividends for the year 2024      –   –                ––    –           –  –      – (50,440)                      50,440    –      –

     Dividends to preference shares            –   –                ––    –           –  –      – (996)                         –         – (996)

     Distribution to perpetual bonds           –   –                ––    –           –  –      – (4,585)                       –         – (4,585)

     Transfers within equity upon disposal of

     equity instruments designated at FVTOCI –     –                ––    22          –  –      – (22)                          –         –      –

     At 31 December 2024                       25,220 27,468 152,978 76,076 36,366    4 122,652 142,486 508,957                 50,440 438 1,143,085
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                    253

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

55. Notes to consolidated cash flow statement

(a) Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents (including assets with
       original maturity within 3 months):

Cash and Balances with central banks                                                                              2025                      2024
Balance with banks and other financial institutions
Placements with banks and other financial institutions                                                         64,591                    46,957
Amounts held under resale agreements                                                                          145,435                   158,646
Debt securities investments and discounted bills                                                              133,750                   111,547
                                                                                                              258,867                   271,447
Total                                                                                                         107,179                   167,930

                                                                                                              709,822                   756,527

(b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were classified in the Group’s
consolidated cash flows statement as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                  Certificates of

                                    Negotiable deposit and             Debt
                                                                   securities
                                    interbank other debt                                 Accrued                 Other
                                                                      issued             interest             financial
                                    certificates instruments          (Note)            on bonds    Dividend  liabilities     Lease
                                                                                                     payable               liabilities
                                    of deposit    issued             90,570                 1,338               35,782                     Total
                                                                                                          26                 12,778     277,074
At 1 January 2025                   89,186        47,394             27,237                     –
Cash changes:                                                       (35,801)                    –                                       155,217
                                      27,230      81,221                                   (4,678)        –   19,529            –       (260,394)
  Proceeds from the issue           (105,950)     (77,173)                 –                              –   (36,936)     (4,534)       (61,752)
  Repayment                                                                                     –   (57,074)
  Interest/dividend paid                   –            –                  –                4,424                   –           –          2,618
Non-cash changes:                                                          –                                                               4,815
  Additions of lease liabilities         –             –                   –                    –        –         –        2,618         82,622
  Accrued interest                       –             –                  26                    –        –         –          391
  Dividend declared                      –             –                  99                    –   82,622         –            –            959
  Discount or premium amortisation     793           140                   –                    –        –         –            –           (851)
  Fair value adjustments                 –             –              (1,168)                   –        –      (950)           –         17,661
  Other                                  –             –                                                 –    17,661            –         (2,595)
  Exchange difference                    –        (1,401)            80,963                 1,084        –       (26)           –       215,374

At 31 December 2025                 11,259        50,181                                            25,574    35,060       11,253

At 1 January 2024                   Negotiable    Certificates of      Debt              Accrued    Dividend    Other         Lease         Total
Cash changes:                        interbank      deposit and    securities            interest    payable  financial    liabilities  227,286
                                    certificates     other debt                         on bonds              liabilities
  Proceeds from the issue           of deposit      instruments      issued                              26                 12,675      251,973
  Repayment                                              issued      (Note)                1,814               32,616                   (215,904)
  Interest/dividend paid               21,443            (Note)                                            –                      –      (61,031)
Non-cash changes:                                                  124,372                     –           –    9,947       (4,793)
  Additions of lease liabilities                        34,340                                 –    (55,692)  (11,775)                     4,439
  Accrued interest                                                  24,995                (5,339)                                 –        5,320
  Dividend declared                 155,569       61,462            (59,989)                               –         –                   55,692
  Discount or premium amortisation  (90,160)      (49,187)                                     –           –                 4,439         2,793
  Fair value adjustments                                                  –                4,863     55,692          –         457
  Other                                   –             –                                                  –         –            –          920
  Exchange difference                                                     –                    –           –         –            –        4,289
                                         –             –                  –                    –           –         –            –        1,297
At 31 December 2024                      –             –                  –                    –           –      690             –     277,074
                                         –             –                 29                    –                4,289             –
                                     2,334           430                229                    –         26        15
                                         –             1                  –                                                 12,778
                                         –             –                934                1,338               35,782
                                         –           348
                                                                    90,570
                                    89,186        47,394

Note: Including financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss.

(c) Significant non-cash transactions

          There were no significant non-cash transactions during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
254  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     56. Operating segments

               The Group’s principal activities are providing corporate and personal banking services, conducting treasury business,
               providing asset management and other financial services.

               The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by both business lines and geographical
               location. The reportable segment information is as follows:

     (1) Wholesale finance business

               The financial services for corporate clients, government agencies, and financial institutions include: loan and deposit
               service, settlement and cash management service, trade finance and offshore business, investment banking business,
               inter-bank business such as placement and repurchase, asset custody business, financial market business, and other
               services.

     (2) Retail finance business

               The financial services provided to retail customers include: loan and deposit service, bank card service, wealth
               management services, private banking and other services.

     (3) Other Business

               Except for the business mentioned above, other business covers investment properties, subsidiaries except for CMB
               WLB and CMBFL, associates and joint ventures. None of these segments meet any of the quantitative thresholds so
               far for segment division.

               For the purpose of operating segment analysis, external net interest income/expense represents the net interest
               income earned or expense incurred on banking services provided to external parties. Internal net interest income/
               expense represents the assumed profit or loss by the internal funds transfer pricing mechanism which has taken into
               account the structure and market returns of the assets and liabilities portfolio. Cost allocation is based on direct
               costs attributable to each reporting segment and apportion according to the relevant factors.

               The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies as stated in Note
               4. Operating segment income represents income generated from external customers, inter-segment transactions are
               offset. No customer contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for 2025 and 2024. Internal transactions are
               conducted at fair value.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                          255

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

56. Operating segments (continued)

(a) Segment results, assets and liabilities

                                                      Wholesale            Retail finance business   Other business                    Total
                                                   finance business

                                                   2025          2024            2025          2024  2025            2024      2025           2024

External net interest income                       42,077        30,010    109,422        120,186    64,094          61,081    215,593        211,277
Internal net interest income/(expense)             41,876        42,015     30,971         28,072    (72,847)        (70,087)        –              –

Net interest income                                83,953 72,025           140,393 148,258           (8,753) (9,006)           215,593 211,277

Net fee and commission income                      15,731        14,705          48,487   47,141     11,040          10,248    75,258         72,094
Other net income                                   38,255        48,663           2,108    1,385        586           1,070    40,949         51,118

Operating income                                   137,939 135,393         190,988 196,784           2,873           2,312     331,800 334,489
Operating expenses
                                                    (8,531)       (8,340)   (2,680)        (2,710)    (402)           (404)     (11,613)       (11,454)
  – Depreciation of property and equipment and      (1,407)       (1,490)   (2,319)        (2,389)    (202)           (228)      (3,928)        (4,107)
    investment properties                          (37,526)      (38,308)  (60,361)       (60,035)   (5,077)         (3,746)   (102,964)      (102,089)

  – Depreciation of right-of-use assets            90,475        87,255    125,628 131,650           (2,808)         (2,066) 213,295 216,839
  – Other
                                                   (5,063)          301    (34,952)       (41,006)     240            (114)    (39,775)       (40,819)
Reportable segment profit before                        –             –          –              –    5,473           2,632       5,473          2,632
  impairment losses                                                                                  2,905
                                                   85,412        87,556    90,676         90,644                      452      178,993        178,652
Expected credit losses and impairment              24,911        31,771      3,759         3,298       285            207       28,955         35,276
  losses on other assets

Share of profits of associates and joint ventures

Reportable segment profit before taxation

Capital expenditure (note)

                                      Wholesale finance business Retail finance business             Other business            Total

                                      31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December

                                      2025                 2024            2025          2024        2025            2024      2025           2024

Reportable segment assets             7,888,999 7,103,051 3,688,125 3,564,804 1,386,692 1,383,480 12,963,816 12,051,335
Of which: Interest in associates and
                                              –            –                 –           –            32,914         31,015    32,914         31,015
 joint ventures                       6,756,216    6,268,091         4,640,157   4,118,838           287,581
Reportable segment liabilities                                                                                 452,085 11,683,954 10,839,014

Note: Capital expenditure represents the amount incurred for acquiring segment assets which are expected to be used for more than one year.
256  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     56. Operating segments (continued)

     (b) Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets, liabilities
            and other material items

     Operating income for reportable segments                             2025           2024
     Total profit before income tax for reportable segments
                                                                      331,800        334,489
                                                                      178,993        178,652

                                                                      31 December 2025 31 December 2024

     Assets                                                           12,963,816     12,051,335
     Total assets for reportable segments                                     9,954          9,954
     Goodwill                                                                   460            526
     Intangible assets
     Deferred tax assets                                                    89,856         83,674
     Other unallocated assets                                                 6,437          6,547

     Consolidated total assets                                        13,070,523     12,152,036

     Liabilities                                                      11,683,954     10,839,014
     Total liabilities for reportable segments                              14,713         11,713
     Tax payable                                                              1,115          1,592
     Deferred tax liabilities                                               89,842         66,242
     Other unallocated liabilities
                                                                      11,789,624     10,918,561
     Consolidated total liabilities
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                       257

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

56. Operating segments (continued)

(c) Geographical segments

The Group operates principally in the PRC with branches located in major provinces, autonomous regions and
municipalities directly under the central government in the mainland China. The Group also has branches operating
in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London and Sydney, subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong,
Shenzhen, Shanghai, Beijing and Luxembourg and representative office in Taipei.

In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the
location of the branches and subsidiaries that generate the revenue. Segment assets and non-current assets are
allocated based on the location of the underlying assets.

To support the Bank’s operations and management’s assessments, the geographical segments are defined as follows:

–      “Headquarters” refers to the Group’s Head Office, credit card centres and fund operation centres;

–      “Yangtze River Delta region” refers to branches in Shanghai municipality, Zhejiang province and Jiangsu

       province;

–      “Bohai Rim region” refers to branches in Beijing municipality, Tianjin municipality, Shandong province and

       Hebei province;

–      “Pearl River Delta and West Coast region” refers to branches in Guangdong province and Fujian province;

–      “Northeast region” refers to branches in Liaoning province, Heilongjiang province and Jilin province;

–      “Central region” refers to branches in Henan province, Anhui province, Hunan province, Hubei province,

       Jiangxi province, Shanxi province and Hainan province;

–      “Western region” refers to branches in Sichuan province, Chongqing municipality, Guizhou province, Yunnan

       province, Shaanxi province, Gansu province, Ningxia Hui Autonomous region, Xinjiang Uyghur autonomous

       region, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Inner Mongolia autonomous region, Qinghai province and Tibet

       autonomous region;

–      “Overseas” refers to overseas branches in Hong Kong, New York, Singapore, Luxembourg, London, Sydney

       and representative office in Taipei; and

–      “Subsidiaries” refers to subsidiaries wholly owned or controlled by the Group, including CMB WLB, CMBIC,

       CMBFL, CMFM, CMBWM, CMB Europe S.A., CIGNA & CMAM and CMB Investment.

                                         Total assets          Total liabilities        Non-current assets        Operating income Profit before tax

                                         31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December

Geographical information                 2025          2024    2025               2024  2025                2024  2025 2024 2025 2024

Headquarters                             6,080,367  5,620,792  5,064,774  4,616,716      64,410   61,287 119,836 134,972 79,917 81,021
Yangtze River Delta region               1,628,335  1,521,903  1,608,321  1,503,109       5,180    5,469 46,742 44,260 23,496 23,957
Bohai Rim region                         1,085,440  1,002,690  1,070,350                  3,446    3,845 35,784 33,801 18,810 18,547
Pearl River Delta and West Coast region  1,339,581  1,234,991  1,312,274   988,780        3,330    3,957 37,107 35,486 12,991 15,054
Northeast region                                                          1,225,218                1,357 6,707 6,398 2,666 2,109
Central region                            173,268    173,447    171,332                    854     3,195 20,319 19,665 9,168 9,750
Western region                            753,308    733,700    745,557    171,967        2,881    2,734 20,557 20,145 9,069 9,275
Overseas                                  785,155    751,874    778,045    725,410        2,522
Subsidiaries                              267,759    236,567    276,733    744,561                  746 4,559 4,290 2,100 2,635
                                          957,310    876,072    762,238    244,455         588   107,343 40,189 35,472 20,776 16,304
                                                                           698,345      109,390

Total                                    13,070,523 12,152,036 11,789,624 10,918,561 192,601 189,933 331,800 334,489 178,993 178,652

Note:  Non-current assets include interests in joint ventures, interests in associates, property and equipment, investment properties, right-of-use
       assets, intangible assets and goodwill.
258  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     57. Assets pledged as security

     The following assets have been pledged as collateral for borrowing from central banks and liabilities under
     repurchase or placement arrangements:

     Borrowing from central banks                                                                    2025           2024
     Placements from banks and other financial institutions                                      110,679        189,511
     Amounts sold under repurchase agreements
                                                                                                  13,353           6,802
     Total                                                                                        95,262         83,747
                                                                                                 219,294        280,060
     Assets pledged
        – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                   18,300           6,921
        – Debt investments at amortised cost                                                     167,971        165,583
        – Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
        – Loans and advances to customers                                                         22,975         30,491
                                                                                                  24,160         90,320
     Total                                                                                       233,406        293,315

     The transactions under repurchase or placement agreements are conducted under terms that are usual and
     customary to standard borrowing and placing activities.

     58. Contingent liabilities and commitments

     (a) Credit commitments

     At any given time, the Group has outstanding commitments to extend credit. These commitments take the form of
     approved loans and credit card overdraft limits.

     The Group provides financial guarantees and letters of credit to guarantee the performance of customers to third
     parties. Acceptances comprise undertakings by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group
     expects most acceptances to be settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.

     The contractual amounts of credit commitments by category are set out in the following tables. The amounts
     reflected in the tables for commitments assume that amounts are fully advanced. The amounts reflected in the
     tables for guarantees and letters of credit represent the maximum potential loss that would be recognised at the
     end of the reporting period if counterparties default.

                                                                                    2025

                                                                       – Stage 1    – Stage 2        – Stage 3        Total
                                                                      (12-month     (Lifetime        (Lifetime
                                                                                    ECL – not    ECL – credit-    336,624
                                                                              ECL)                  impaired)       24,031
                                                                                        credit-
                                                                         335,235    impaired)                     312,593
                                                                           24,024                                 388,450
     Irrevocable guarantees                                                         1,113                  276    612,885
       – Financial guarantees                                            311,211                                  208,399
       – Non-financing letters of guarantees                             387,271    4                      3
                                                                         608,062                                    82,630
     Irrevocable letters of credit                                       206,732    1,109                  273    125,769
     Bills of acceptances                                                                                       1,734,075
     Irrevocable loan commitments                                          82,628   1,179                  –      109,359
                                                                         124,104
       – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)           1,718,694    4,802                  21   3,389,792
       – with an original maturity over 1 year                           108,861
     Credit card unused commitments                                                 1,655                  12
     Other                                                             3,364,855
                                                                                    –                      2
     Total
                                                                                    1,655                  10

                                                                                    15,381                 –

                                                                                    478                    20

                                                                                    24,608                 329
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                              259

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)

(a) Credit commitments (continued)                                                2024

          Irrevocable guarantees                                     – Stage 1    – Stage 2        – Stage 3          Total
             – Financial guarantees                                 (12-month      (Lifetime        (Lifetime
             – Non-financing letters of guarantees                                ECL – not    ECL – credit-     329,219
                                                                            ECL)                   impaired)       34,156
          Irrevocable letters of credit                                               credit-
          Bills of acceptances                                        326,654     impaired)                      295,063
          Irrevocable loan commitments                                  33,109                                   305,974
                                                                                  1,983        582               584,590
             – with an original maturity within 1 year (inclusive)    293,545                                    162,670
             – with an original maturity over 1 year                  304,725     754          293
          Credit card unused commitments                              581,176                                      45,043
          Other                                                       162,159     1,229        289               117,627
          Total                                                                                                1,620,541
                                                                        45,039    1,249        –
                                                                      117,120                                      97,253
                                                                    1,588,137     3,054        360
                                                                                                               3,100,247
                                                                        96,525    415          96

                                                                    3,059,376     3            1

                                                                                  412          95

                                                                                  32,399       5

                                                                                  708          20

                                                                                  39,808       1,063

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s irrevocable letters of credit included sight letters of credit of RMB20,231
million (31 December 2024: RMB20,139 million), usance letters of credit of RMB18,087 million (31 December 2024:
RMB18,230 million), and other commitments of RMB350,132 million (31 December 2024: RMB267,605 million).

Irrevocable loan commitments include credit limits granted to offshore customers by overseas branches and
subsidiaries, and onshore and offshore syndicated loans etc.

Apart from the irrevocable loan commitments, the Group had loan commitments of RMB5,708,716 million at 31
December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB5,385,015 million) which are unconditionally cancellable by the Group
or automatically cancellable due to deterioration in the creditworthiness of the borrower as stipulated in respective
lending agreements. The Group does not assume any risks on the unused credit limits for these loan customers. As a
result, such balances are not included in the above credit commitments.

Credit risk weighted amounts of contingent liabilities and commitments                   2025                      2024
                                                                                  1,024,984                    846,851

Since 1 January 2024, the Group calculated the credit risk-weighted assets amount of its contingent liabilities and
commitments in accordance with the requirements of Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks issued by
the NFRA. The amount within the scope approved by the former CBIRC in April 2014 is calculated using the Internal
Ratings-Based Approach, and the Weighted Approach is used to cover those amounts not eligible for the Internal
Ratings-Based Approach.
260  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     58. Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)                                 2025    2024
                                                                                             200     177
     (b) Capital commitments                                                                 201     216
                                                                                             401     393
               The authorised capital commitments of the Group were as follows:

               Contracted for
               Authorised but not contracted for
               Total
               The lease commitments of the Group as a lessor are detailed in note 58 (e).

     (c) Outstanding litigations

               At 31 December 2025, the Bank or other group entities was a defendant in certain outstanding litigations with total
               gross claims of RMB1,476 million (2024: RMB2,024 million). The Group considers that no material losses would be
               incurred by the Group as a result of these outstanding litigations.

     (d) Redemption obligations

     As an underwriting agent of PRC government bonds, the Group has the responsibility to make advances to bond
     holders if the holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any time before
     their maturity date is based on the nominal value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the redemption date.
     Accrued interest to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant requirements set by the MOF or the
     PBOC. The redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments traded at the redemption
     date.

     The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of government bonds underwritten and sold by the
     Group, but not yet matured at the end of the reporting period:

     Redemption obligations                                                                   2025    2024
                                                                                            36,693  30,807

     The Group expects that the amount of redemption before the maturity date of these government bonds through the
     Group will not be material.

     (e) Lease commitments

     Operating lease commitments and financial lease commitments where the Group is a lessor at the end of the
     reporting period are as follows:

     Operating lease commitments                                                              2025    2024
     Financial lease commitments                                                            19,779  14,321
                                                                                            40,910  37,503
     Total                                                                                  60,689  51,824
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                           261

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

59. Transactions on behalf of customers

(a) Entrusted lending business

The Group’s entrusted lending business refers to activities where principals such as government departments,
business entities and individuals provide capital for loan advances through the Group to their specified targets
on their behalf in accordance with specific terms and conditions, with the help of the Group in monitoring loan
usage and seeking loan recovery. The entrusted lending business does not expose the Group to any credit risk. As
instructed by these principals, the Group holds and manages underlying assets and liabilities only in the capacity of
an agent, and charges handling fees for related services.

Entrusted lending are not assets of the Group and are not recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
position. Income received and receivable for providing these services are recognised in the consolidated statement of
profit or loss as fee and commission income.

At the end of the reporting period, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:

Entrusted loans                                                       2025                           2024
Entrusted funds                                                   265,483                        245,897
                                                                 (265,483)                      (245,897)

(b) Wealth management services

          The Group’s wealth management services to customers mainly represent sales of wealth management products to
          corporate and personal banking customers by the Bank and CMBWM. The funds obtained from wealth management
          services are invested in investment products, including government bonds, policy bank bonds and short term
          corporate debt instruments. The Group initiated the launch of wealth management products. The investment
          risk associated with these products is borne by the customers who invest in these products. The Group does not
          consolidate these wealth management products. The Group earns commission which represents the charges on
          customers in relation to the provision of custody, sales and management services.

          The wealth management products and funds obtained are not assets and liabilities of the Group and are not
          recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. The funds received from customer for wealth
          management business that yet to be invested are recorded under other liabilities.

          At the end of the reporting period, funds received from customers under unconsolidated wealth management
          services were RMB2,453,150 million as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB2,298,278 million).

(c) Entrusted management of insurance funds

The entrusted management of insurance funds mainly refers to the business that the Group carries out investment
activities on funds entrusted by insurance companies according to the regulatory policies and the investment
guidelines from insurance companies, and charges fees for providing such services.

At the end of the reporting period, the balances of entrusted funds were as follows:

Entrusted management of insurance funds                                                   2025      2024
                                                                                      233,313   189,647
262  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management

     (a) Credit risk

               Credit risk represents the potential losses that may arise from the failure of a counterparty or a debtor to meet its
               obligation or commitment to the Group. Credit risk increases when all counterparties are concentrated in a single
               industry or a geographical region, as different counterparties in the same region or industry may be affected by the
               same economic factors, which may eventually affect their repayment abilities.

               The Group designs its organisation framework, credit policies and processes with an objective to identify, evaluate
               and manage its credit risk effectively. The Risk and Capital Management Committee, set up and appointed by the
               board of directors, is responsible for supervising and evaluating the set-up, organisational structure, work process
               and effectiveness of various risk management functions.

               With respect to daily operations, the Risk Management Department, as directed by the Risk and Capital Management
               Committee under Board of Directors, participates in, coordinates, and monitors the work of other risk management
               functions, including each business unit and the Legal and Compliance Department. The Group manages credit risk
               including the credit and investment business of pre-lending (investment) evaluations, interim-lending (investment)
               reviewing and post-lending (investment) monitoring.

               In accordance with the Implementation Rules on Expected Credit Loss Approach of Commercial Banks, the Group
               uses the expected credit loss model to provide for credit risk losses for on-balance sheet financial assets that bear
               credit risk at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income, as well as off-balance sheet credit
               risk items such as loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts.

               With respect to the credit risk management of wholesale financial business, the Group optimizes credit and
               investment policies, continually enhances the standards on acceptance for corporate, interbank and institutional
               clients, and implements in key risk areas to improve the quality of credit exposure.

               With respect to credit risk management of retail financial business, the Group mainly relies on the credit assessment
               of applicants as the basis for loan approval, which takes into consideration the income level, credit history, and
               repayment ability of the applicant. The Group monitors post-lending conditions by focusing on borrowers’ repayment
               ability, the status of collateral and any changes to collateral value. Once a loan becomes overdue, the Group starts
               the collection process according to standard retail loans collection procedures.

               The Group requests customers to provide collateral and guarantees when necessary. The Group has formulated
               systems or guidelines for the access of guarantors or collaterals, the approval of guarantee amounts, the
               establishment and follow-up management of guarantees. The guarantor’s or collateral’s ability and willingness to
               guarantee will be reviewed regularly to ensure that it meets the requirements of relevant laws and regulations and
               can effectively mitigate risks.

               In respect of asset quality classification, the Group improves the classification system and refines the classification
               method based on Rules on Risk Classification of Financial Assets of Commercial Banks, combined with actual
               situation. On the basis of Five-category Classification, the Group categorises its loans on a ten-grade loan
               classification basis to refine internal risk classification management (normal (grades 1-5), special mention (grades
               1-2), substandard, doubtful and loss).

               The risks involved in contingent liabilities and commitments are essentially the same as the credit risk involved in
               loans and advances to customers. These transactions are, therefore, subject to the same credit application, post-
               lending monitoring and collateral requirements as for customers applying for loans.

               Concentration of credit risk: when certain number of customers carry out the same business activities, locate in
               the same geographical region or their industries share similar economic characteristics, their ability to meet their
               obligations may be affected by the same economic factors. The level of concentration of credit risk reflects the
               sensitivity of the Group’s operating result to a specific industry or geographical region. To prevent concentration of
               credit risk, the Group has formulated a limit management policy to monitor and analyse its loan portfolio.

               Analysis of loans and advances by industry and loan portfolio are presented in Note 22.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                      263

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(a) Credit risk (continued)

(i) Internal credit risk rating

          The Group classifies credit risk based on probability of default. The internal credit risk rating is based on the model-
          forecasted default risk, taking into consideration qualitative and quantitative factors such as borrower’s financial
          situation, debt pressure, industry characteristics, etc.

(ii) Significant increase in credit risk

          As describe in Note 4(5), the Group recognises lifetime ECL if there are significant increases in credit risk.

          In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
          of default occurring on the financial instrument and other items at the reporting date with that at the date of initial
          recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers an actual or expected significant deterioration in the
          financial instrument’s internal credit risk rating (Note 60(a)(i)), as well as internal early warning signal, the result
          of 5-tier classification and overdue information. The Group regularly reviews whether the evaluation criteria are
          applicable to the current situation.

          For wholesale business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following conditions is met:
          the 5-tier classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the internal credit risk rating of
          the customer has been downgraded to certain level; the early warning signal of the customer has reached a certain
          level; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the Group.

          For retail and credit card business, credit risk is considered as significantly increased if any of the following
          conditions is met: the 5-tier classification is special mention; more than 30 days (inclusive) overdue; the customer
          or the debt has credit risk early warning signal; or the customer has other significant risk signals identified by the
          Group.

          A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong
          capability to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and
          business conditions in the longer term may not necessarily reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual
          cash flow obligations.

          For loan commitments and financial guarantees, the date when the commitment becomes irrevocable is considered
          as the initial recognition date.

          The Group considers that a debt instrument is impaired and classified as stage 3 when the debt instrument is more
          than 90 days (inclusive) overdue or the 5-tier classification of this debt instrument is substandard, doubtful or loss
          (these three categories include debt instruments with more than 90 days (inclusive) overdue).

(iii) Measurement of ECL

The key inputs used for measuring ECL are:

•  probability of default (PD): an estimate of the likelihood of default over 12 months or lifetime horizon;

•  loss given default (LGD): the proportion of the loss arising on default to the exposure at default;

•  exposure at default (EAD): the risk exposure on a debt.

These figures are generally derived from internally developed statistical models and other historical data and they are
adjusted to reflect forward-looking information.
264  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (a) Credit risk (continued)

     (iv) Incorporation of forward-looking information

               The Group divides financial assets into different asset groups based on their different risk characteristics. According
               to the risk characteristics of the asset group, the Group collects external data released by authoritative institutions
               and internal risk data without undue cost or effort for modelling. Apart from the common economic indicators
               such as Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”), Consumer Price Index (“CPI”), Producer Price Index and Broad Money
               Supply, various other categories of indicators such as industry index, interest and exchange rate, and survey index
               are also included. Based on statistical analysis and expert judgements, the Group sets up multiple forward-looking
               scenarios to predict macroeconomic indicators and risk parameters. The Group sets the forecasts issued by external
               authoritative institutions as the forecasts of economic indicators under the baseline scenario, with reference to
               the professionals of the Bank and the outputs of the models. For the forecasts of economic indicators under the
               remaining scenarios, the Group will refer to the actual historical data for analysis and forecast. Taking GDP (year-on-
               year growth rate) and CPI (month-on-month increase) as an example, the forecasts for the next year adopted by the
               Group for 2025 under the baseline scenario were set at round 5% and 0.5% respectively.

               Combined with quantitative measurement and expert judgement, the Group sets the weighting of multiple scenarios
               based on the principle of taking the baseline scenario as the main and the other scenarios as supplement. The
               weight of the baseline scenario of the Group as at 31 December 2025 is the highest. According to the sensitivity
               test results of the Group, when the weighting of the optimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weighting of the
               baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL amount at 31 December 2025 will decrease by approximately 2.9%
               compared to the current result (at 31 December 2024: will decrease by approximately 2.6%). When the weighting
               of the pessimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weighting of the baseline scenario decreases by 10%, the ECL
               amount at 31 December 2025 will increase by approximately 4.2% compared to the current result (at 31 December
               2024: will increase by approximately 4.6%).

               The Group periodically forecasts macroeconomic indicators, and calculates the ECL based on a weighted 12-month
               expected credit losses (stage 1) or a weighted lifetime expected credit losses (stage 2 and stage 3).

     (v) Groupings based on shared risk characteristics

               The Group divides the primary business into wholesale business, retail business and credit card business. The models
               are divided based on shared risk characteristics, and the reference indicators include the 5-tier classification, business
               type and collateral type.

     (vi) Maximum exposure

               The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held or other credit
               enhancements is the carrying amount of the relevant financial instruments as disclosed in the consolidated statement
               of financial position and the contract amount of the off balance sheet items disclosed in Note 58(a). At 31 December
               2025, the amount of the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure was RMB16,093,396 million (31 December 2024:
               RMB14,922,470 million).
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                         265

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(a) Credit risk (continued)

(vii) Renegotiated loans and advances to customers

          The Group adopts the measures for Risk Classification of Financial Assets of Commercial Banks (CBIRC PBC Order
          [2023] No.1) for its rescheduled loans and advances to customers.

          The carrying amount of loans and advances that had been renegotiated was RMB28,307 million as at 31 December
          2025 (31 December 2024: RMB24,826 million).

(viii) Non-performing loans

          Under the 5-tier loan classification system, non-performing loans of the Group are divided into substandard loans,
          doubtful loans and loss loans. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had the balance of non-performing loans of
          RMB68,206 million (31 December 2024: RMB65,610 million).

(ix) Credit quality of bond investments rating results

At the end of the reporting period, the analysis of the credit quality of bond investments by designated external
credit assessment institution, is as follows:

Impaired gross amount of debt investments                                                       2025          2024
Impairment allowances                                                                            556           693
                                                                                                (499)         (505)
Subtotal                                                                                           57          188

Neither overdue nor impaired                                                             3,281,531     2,846,729
AAA                                                                                        113,964         89,538
AA+ to AA-                                                                                 238,754
A+ to A-                                                                                     31,857      177,286
Lower than A-                                                                                50,932        25,609
Unrated                                                                                       (7,850)      56,601
Impairment allowances                                                                                       (7,985)
                                                                                         3,709,188
Subtotal                                                                                 3,709,245     3,187,778
                                                                                                       3,187,966
Total

Notes:

(i)     Bonds issued by the governments and policy banks held by the Group amounted to RMB3,115,683 million as at 31 December 2025 (31

        December 2024: RMB2,599,093 million).

(ii)    The impairment allowances above is for debt investments at amortised cost only.
266  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (a) Credit risk (continued)

     (x) Collateral

     An estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements held against financial assets that are
     overdue but not impaired is as follows:

     Estimate of the fair value of collateral and other credit enhancements                          2025            2024
        held against following financial assets                                                    16,125          17,545
        – Loans and advances to customers

     (xi) Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost

     Loans and advances measured at amortised cost:

                                                                                      2025

                                                                          Stage 1        Stage 2          Stage 3        Total
                                                                      (12-month        (Lifetime        (Lifetime  6,300,863
                                                                                      ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                               ECL)                    impaired)     395,397
                                                                       6,030,395          credit-
                                                                                      impaired)                                –
                                                                          433,820                                              –
     Balance as at the beginning of the year                                          204,858      65,610                      –
     Net changes for the year                                              32,719     (33,422)     (5,001)            (56,067)
     Transfer to                                                        (145,667)                                  6,640,193
                                                                                      (32,616)         (103)
        – Stage 1                                                         (32,927)    146,425          (758)              Total
        – Stage 2                                                                  –  (31,598)      64,525         5,913,324
        – Stage 3                                                                                  (56,067)
     Write-offs                                                        6,318,340               –                     440,693
                                                                                                    68,206
     Balance as at the end of the year                                                253,647                                  –
                                                                                                                               –
                                                                                      2024                                     –
                                                                                                                      (53,154)
                                                                          Stage 1       Stage 2           Stage 3  6,300,863
                                                                      (12-month        (Lifetime        (Lifetime
                                                                                      ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                              ECL)                     impaired)
                                                                      5,686,659           credit-
                                                                                      impaired)
                                                                         461,401
     Balance as at the beginning of the year                                          165,105      61,560
     Net changes for the year                                             45,122      (25,764)      5,056
     Transfer to                                                        (132,857)
                                                                                      (44,949)         (173)
        – Stage 1                                                        (29,930)     133,368          (511)
        – Stage 2                                                                 –   (22,902)      52,832
        – Stage 3                                                                                  (53,154)
     Write-offs                                                       6,030,395                –
                                                                                                    65,610
     Balance as at the end of the year                                                204,858
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                              267

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(a) Credit risk (continued)

(xi) Movements of loans and advances and debt investments measured at amortised cost (continued)

Debt investments at amortised cost:

                                                                                 2025

                                                                     Stage 1        Stage 2          Stage 3        Total
                                                                 (12-month        (Lifetime        (Lifetime  1,955,920
                                                                                 ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                          ECL)                    impaired)     181,012
                                                                  1,927,893          credit-
                                                                                 impaired)                                –
                                                                     182,101                                              –
Balance as at the beginning of the year                                          1,790        26,237                      –
Net changes for the year                                                      1    475        (1,564)                (232)
Transfer to                                                            (2,317)                                2,136,700
                                                                                      (1)             –
   – Stage 1                                                                  –  2,323              (6)
   – Stage 2                                                                  –                      1
   – Stage 3                                                      2,107,678           (1)        (232)
Write-offs                                                                             –
                                                                                              24,436
Balance as at the end of the year                                                4,586

                                                                                 2024

                                                                     Stage 1       Stage 2           Stage 3         Total
                                                                 (12-month        (Lifetime        (Lifetime  1,768,010
                                                                                 ECL – not    ECL – credit-
                                                                         ECL)                     impaired)     187,910
                                                                 1,738,945           credit-
                                                                                 impaired)                                –
                                                                    189,931                                               –
Balance as at the beginning of the year                                          1,517        27,548                      –
Net changes for the year                                                     1    (708)       (1,313)                     –
Transfer to                                                              (984)                                1,955,920
                                                                                      (1)             –
   – Stage 1                                                                 –     984                –
   – Stage 2                                                                 –                        2
   – Stage 3                                                     1,927,893            (2)             –
Write-offs                                                                             –
                                                                                              26,237
Balance as at the end of the year                                                1,790
268  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (a) Credit risk (continued)

     (xii) Credit quality of financial instruments

     The staging analysis for loans and advances to customers and debt investments at amortised cost as at the reporting
     date are disclosed in note 22, note 23(b) and note 60(a)(xi) respectively. The staging analysis for credit commitments
     and the expected credit losses allowances of financial guarantees and loan commitments are disclosed in notes 58(a)
     and 42 respectively. The staging analysis for other financial instruments is as follows:

                                                                                                  2025

                                                                        Principal                                        Expected credit losses

                                                               Stage 1   Stage 2       Stage 3       Total     Stage 1    Stage 2       Stage 3        Total
                                                             (12-month  (Lifetime     (Lifetime              (12-month   (Lifetime     (Lifetime
                                                                        ECL – not  ECL – credit-   559,967               ECL – not  ECL – credit-          –
                                                                  ECL)               impaired)     199,955        ECL)                impaired)         (447)
                                                                          credit-                  504,938                 credit-                     (1,197)
                                                               559,967  impaired)                  259,338           –   impaired)                      (666)
                                                               199,951                            1,325,300       (445)                                (7,787)
     Balances with central banks                               504,938  –          –                            (1,197)  –                       –
     Balances with banks and other financial institutions      259,198                                            (526)
     Placements with banks and other financial institutions  1,325,003  3          1                            (6,027)  (1)                     (1)
     Amounts held under resale agreements
     Debt investments at FVTOCI                                         –          –                                     –                       –

                                                                        –          140                                   –          (140)

                                                                        245        52                                    (515)      (1,245)

                                                                                                  2024

                                                                        Principal                                        Expected credit losses

                                                                        Stage 2                                          Stage 2

                                                                        (Lifetime  Stage 3                               (Lifetime  Stage 3

                                                             Stage 1 ECL – not (Lifetime                     Stage 1 ECL – not (Lifetime

                                                             (12-month  credit- ECL – credit-                (12-month   credit- ECL – credit-

                                                             ECL) impaired) impaired)             Total      ECL) impaired) impaired)                  Total

     Balances with central banks                             557,166    –          – 557,166                 –           –                       –     –

     Balances with banks and other financial institutions    220,537    1          11 220,549                (818)       (1)                     (11)  (830)

     Placements with banks and other financial institutions  406,817    –          – 406,817                 (1,126)     –                       –     (1,126)

     Amounts held under resale agreements                    271,903    –          140 272,043               (606)       –          (140)              (746)

     Debt investments at FVTOCI                              1,082,186  209        182 1,082,577             (7,339)     (21)       (1,260)            (8,620)

     Note: The balances disclosed above do not include accrued interest.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    269

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(b) Market risk

          Market risk refers to the risk of loss due to changes in observable market factors such as interest rates, exchange
          rates, commodity prices and stock prices, resulting in changes in the fair value or future cash flows of the Group’s
          financial instruments. Interest rate and foreign exchange rate are the two major market risk factors relevant to the
          Group. The Group is exposed to market risk through the financial instruments under the trading book and banking
          book. The trading book comprises financial instruments, foreign exchange and commodity positions held for trading
          purposes or to hedge risks of other items in the trading book, as well as other instruments recognized by National
          Financial Regulatory Administration. Instruments other than those in the trading book shall be classified into the
          banking book.

(i) Foreign exchange risk

          Foreign exchange risk arises from the holding of foreign currency assets, liabilities and equity items, and the foreign
          currency and foreign currency derivative positions, which expose the Group to potential losses in the event of
          unfavourable foreign exchange rate movement. The financial assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated in
          RMB, and the other currencies are mainly in USD and HKD. The Group segregates the policy setting, execution and
          supervision of foreign exchange risk management, and establishes a foreign currency risk management governance
          structure. This structure specifies the roles, responsibilities and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, senior
          management, designated committees and relevant departments of the Bank in the management of foreign exchange
          risk. The Group is prudent in its foreign exchange risk appetite, and would not voluntarily take foreign exchange
          risk, which suits the current development stage of the Group. The current foreign exchange risk management
          policies and procedures of the Group meet the regulatory requirements and the requirements of the Group.

(1) Trading book

          The Group has established a market risk structure and system of the trading book, which covers exchange
          rate risk, to quantify the exchange rate risk of the trading book to facilitate centralised management. The
          structure, process and method of exchange rate risk management of trading book are consistent with that of
          the interest rate risk of trading book.

          The Group adopts quantitative indicators such as exposure indicator, market value at risk indicator (VaR,
          covers interest rate, foreign exchange rate, and commodity risk factors), exchange rate scenario stress test
          loss index, exchange rate sensitivity index, and cumulative loss index in its management of foreign exchange
          risk. The management methods include delegation, setting limits, daily monitoring and continuous reporting,
          etc.
270  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (b) Market risk (continued)

     (i) Foreign exchange risk (continued)

              (2) Banking book

                         The Group’s foreign exchange risk under the banking book is centrally managed by the Head Office. The
                         Asset and Liability Management Department, as the treasurer of the Bank is in charge of the banking book
                         foreign exchange risk management. The Internal Audit Department is responsible for auditing this. The
                         treasurer is responsible for managing the foreign exchange risk under the banking book with a prudent
                         approach and compliance with the regulatory requirements, and through approaches such as transaction
                         limits and adjustment of plans.

                         The banking book foreign exchange risk of the Group arises from the mismatch of the non-RMB financial
                         assets and liabilities. The Group stringently monitors its foreign exchange risk exposures to control it within
                         an acceptable range.

                         The Group has adopted foreign exchange exposure analysis, scenario simulation analysis and stress testing
                         for the measurement and analysis of foreign exchange risk. The Group regularly measures and analyses the
                         foreign exchange risk exposure fluctuations, monitors and reports foreign exchange risk on a monthly basis
                         under the limit control framework, and adjusts the foreign exchange exposures based on the trend of foreign
                         exchange rate movements to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on its banking book.

                         The Group continues to strengthen banking book exchange rate risk monitoring and authorisation
                         management of limits to ensure that risks are controlled within a reasonable range.

     (3) Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows:

                                                                      In RMB Equivalent  2025                   Main original currency
                                                                                           Other
                                                 RMB   USD            HKD                          Total        USD        HKD

     Assets                                   537,480   29,542          2,022            5,731 574,775            4,227      2,252
     Cash and balances with central           804,487
                                            6,718,620  116,591         29,618            11,225 961,921          16,682     32,986
       banks                                3,569,334  120,400        135,616            20,449 6,995,085        17,227    151,033
     Amounts due from banks and other         292,968
                                           11,922,889  441,253         73,574            35,272     4,119,433    63,136     81,938
       financial institutions                          120,533          3,300             2,508       419,309    17,246      3,675
     Loans and advances to customers        1,225,028  828,319        244,130                                   118,518    271,884
     Financial investments and derivative   9,061,882                                    75,185    13,070,523

       financial assets                       134,278  120,910         12,927             7,199 1,366,064        17,300     14,397
     Other assets (note (i))                   66,570  521,440        189,375            63,433 9,836,130        74,609    210,904
                                              247,091
     Total                                 10,734,849    4,212            620                41       139,151       602        690
                                                        68,123          3,752             3,958       142,403     9,747      4,179
     Liabilities                                        58,936          8,158            (8,309)      305,876     8,434      9,085
     Borrowing from central banks and                  773,621        214,832                                   110,692    239,255
                                                                                         66,322    11,789,624
       amounts due to banks and other
       financial institutions
     Deposits from customers
     Financial liabilities at FVTPL and
       derivative financial liabilities
     Debt securities issued
     Other liabilities (note (i))

     Total

     Net position                          1,188,040   54,698         29,298             8,863 1,280,899        7,826      32,629

     Off-balance sheet position:           3,229,204 117,920          22,968             19,700 3,389,792       16,872     25,579
     Credit commitments (note (ii))
                                           709,400     716,934        54,308             39,855    1,520,497    102,580    60,482
     Derivatives (nominal amounts):        (627,659)   (726,163)      (49,904)           (39,851)  (1,443,577)  (103,901)  (55,577)
       – forward purchased                  (60,542)                                     16,210                            10,786
       – forward sold                                    22,487         9,685                         (12,160)     3,217   15,691
       – net currency option position        21,199                   14,089             16,214
                                                         13,258                                        64,760      1,896
     Total
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                            271

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(b) Market risk (continued)

(i) Foreign exchange risk (continued)

(3) Assets and liabilities by original currency are shown as follows: (continued)

                                                                                           2024

                                                                        In RMB Equivalent                         Main original currency

                                                 RMB         USD        HKD                Other     Total        USD                            HKD

Assets                                             535,838    27,834      2,068            8,048 573,788           3,813                           2,200
Cash and balances with central
                                                   721,600   139,379     25,582            10,146 896,707         19,096                          27,215
  banks                                          6,342,999   123,464    135,150            21,337 6,622,950       16,916                         143,780
Amounts due from banks and other
                                                 3,264,823   334,397     51,019            24,665     3,674,904   45,816                          54,277
  financial institutions                           261,120   103,735     13,681             5,151       383,687   14,213                          14,553
Loans and advances to customers                              728,809    227,500                                   99,854                         242,025
Financial investments and derivative                                                       69,347    12,152,036

  financial assets
Other assets (note (i))

Total                                            11,126,380

Liabilities                                      1,061,944   123,045     15,668             6,360 1,207,017       16,858                          16,668
Borrowing from central banks and                 8,427,705   445,503    161,032            62,347 9,096,587       61,038                         171,314

  amounts due to banks and other                    90,565      8,258       168                53        99,044    1,132                             179
  financial institutions                           141,431     69,991     7,610             2,551       221,583    9,589                           8,096
Deposits from customers                            263,383     19,854     9,253             1,840       294,330    2,720                           9,845
Financial liabilities at FVTPL and                           666,651    193,731                                   91,337                         206,102
  derivative financial liabilities                             62,158    33,769            73,151    10,918,561    8,517                          35,923
Debt securities issued
Other liabilities (note (i))                                 111,092     21,153            (3,804)    1,233,475

Total                                            9,985,028   730,591     30,788
                                                             (778,692)  (13,120)
Net position                                     1,141,352
                                                               68,451        (12)
Off-balance sheet position:                      2,949,528     20,350    17,656            18,474 3,100,247       15,221                         22,504
Credit commitments (note (ii))

Derivatives (nominal amounts):                   734,725                                   46,870    1,542,974    100,097                        32,754
  – forward purchased                            (670,870)                                 (41,155)  (1,503,837)  (106,688)                      (13,958)
  – forward sold                                  (80,894)
  – net currency option position                                                               882      (11,573)     9,378                           (13)

Total                                            (17,039)                                    6,597       27,564      2,787                       18,783

Notes:

(i)                   Accrued interest of financial assets and liabilities are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.

(ii)                  Credit commitments may expire unused at the end of the commitment period, therefore the above net position does not represent

                      the future cash outflows.
272  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (b) Market risk (continued)

     (i) Foreign exchange risk (continued)

     (4) Sensitivity analysis

     Under the existing managed floating exchange rate regime, the Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure
     the potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the Group’s net profit and equity. The
     following table sets forth the results of the Group’s foreign exchange risk sensitivity analysis on the assets
     and liabilities of all foreign currencies involved at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.

     Change in foreign currency exchange rate                  2025   Up by 1%                    2024  Up by 1%
                                               Down by 1%                          Down by 1%
     (Decrease)/increase in net profit                                        213                              112
     (Decrease)/increase in equity                        (213)               541            (112)             378
                                                          (541)                              (378)

     Actual changes in the Group’s net profit and equity resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
     rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity analysis.

     (ii) Interest rate risk

               Interest rate risk arises from unfavourable changes in interest rates and maturity profiles which may result in loss to
               the income and decline in market value of financial instruments and positions held by the Group.

     (1) Trading book

               According to the basic principles of risk management, the Group has built and continuously improved the
               market risk management system, and established the management process of market risk identification,
               measurement, monitoring, control and reporting, covering interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, commodity
               and other risks involved in the trading book business. Under the market risk preference formulated by the
               Board of Directors, the Group manages the trading book by clearly identifying, accurately measuring and
               effectively managing the trading book market risk, to ensure that the trading book risk exposure is within an
               acceptable range and achieves a reasonable balance of risk and return. The Group constantly improves the
               risk-adjusted return level to maximise the shareholders’ value.

               The trading book market risk governance organisation structure defines the responsibilities, division of labour
               and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, Risk and Capital Management Committee under the Board of
               Directors, senior management and relevant departments of the Bank, and safeguards the achievement of
               management objectives. The Market Risk Management Department is responsible for the Group’s trading
               book market risk, and undertakes the task of risk policy formulation and management.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                    273

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(b) Market risk (continued)

(ii) Interest rate risk (continued)

         (1) Trading book (continued)

                    According to the business practices and market risk governance organisation structure, the Group establishes
                    the trading book market risk limit management system. A top-level limit is set based on the risk appetite
                    determined by the Board of Directors, and is transmitted from top to bottom level by level. Within the
                    scope of their authorisation, management departments at all levels allocate and set limits according to risk
                    characteristics, product types and trading strategies, etc. The business departments carry out the business
                    according to the authorisation and limit requirements, and the supervisory and administrative departments at
                    all levels continuously monitor and report according to the limit management regulations.

                    The trading book market risk management adopts the scale index, stop loss index, sensitivity index, value at
                    risk index, stress test index and other risk measurement indices as the limit index, and sets the limit value
                    by comprehensively considering the risk appetite, risk tolerance, business operation strategy, risk return,
                    management conditions and other factors.

                    The Group uses valuation, sensitivity analysis, value-at-risk analysis, stress test and other measurement
                    methods to identify and quantify risk factors in the interest rate market. The Group applies the market
                    risk measurement model in its daily risk management and takes market risk measurement as the basis for
                    business planning, resource allocation, financial market business operation and risk management.

(2) Banking book

          According to the external regulatory requirements and the internal banking book interest rate risk
          management policy, the Group has built and continuously improved the banking book interest rate risk
          management system, established the management process of interest rate risk identification, measurement,
          monitoring, control and reporting, and covered all on – and off-balance sheet business of the Bank. The
          Group clearly identifies, accurately measures and effectively manages the interest rate risk of the banking
          book under the interest rate risk appetite of the banking book formulated by the Board of Directors to
          ensure that the net interest income (NII) and the economic value of shareholders’ equity (EVE) stable within
          the acceptable range of the banking book risk.

          The Group’s governance and management framework specifies the responsibilities, division of labor
          and reporting lines of the Board of Directors, senior management, designated committees and relevant
          departments to ensure the effectiveness of interest rate risk management. Interest rate risk of the banking
          book is managed by the Asset and Liability Management Department of the Head Office. Internal Audit
          Department of the Head Office is responsible for independent audit.

          The preference of the Group in respect of the interest rate risk in the banking book is prudent. The Group
          establishes a banking book interest rate risk limit management system based on the actual business and
          the banking book interest rate risk governance structure. The quantitative index of risk appetite set by the
          Board of Directors is the highest-level limit, which is transmitted through the limit level from top to bottom
          and level by level. Within the scope of their authorisation, all levels set limits and continuously monitor and
          report according to risk tolerance, business operation strategy and risk management objectives. The Group
          formulates interest rate risk management strategies and regularly tracks and reviews them based on risk
          measurement and monitoring results and in combination with macroeconomic and interest rate environment.
          The key measures for risk management of the Group include the adjustment in structure of on-balance-sheet
          assets and liabilities business and off-balance-sheet derivative to offset risk exposure.

          The Group has mainly adopted scenario simulation analysis, re-pricing exposure analysis and duration analysis
          for the regular measurement and analysis of interest rate risk under the banking book. Stress test is a form
          of scenario simulation used to assess the changes in net interest income at risk and economic value of equity
          indicators when there is an extreme fluctuation in interest rates. The Group measures and monitors the
          interest rate risk of banking book through the asset-liability management system, and the main models and
          parameter assumptions used in the measurement process are independently verified before being adopted
          and are regularly reviewed and verified after being adopted. The various indicators of interest rate risk during
          the reporting period showed that the interest rate risk of banking book of the Bank was generally stable and
          stay within the set limits.
274  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (b) Market risk (continued)

     (ii) Interest rate risk (continued)

     (3) The following tables indicate the next expected repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are
               earlier) for assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                      2025

                                           Total       3 months            Over    Over 1 year         Over      Non-
                                                           or less    3 months       to 5 years     5 years   interest
                                                                                                              bearing
                                                       (including              to                          –
                                                        overdue)          1 year                               25,350
                                                                                                        617
     Assets                                  574,775     549,425                –            –                        –
     Cash and balances with central          961,921                                                60,909
                                           6,995,085     653,640        280,113       27,551                          –
       banks                               4,119,433                                             1,546,313
     Amounts due from banks and              419,309   3,659,517      2,701,575      573,084               –   77,755
                                                                                                              419,309
       other financial institutions                      527,990        504,303    1,463,072     1,607,839    522,414
     Loans and advances to customers                              –             –            –
                                                                                                        306           –
       (note (i))                                      5,390,572      3,485,991    2,063,707        41,544       1,882
     Financial investments and derivative
                                                       1,123,446                                           –  139,151
       financial assets                                6,737,206                                        852           –
     Other assets (note (ii))                                                                         2,679           –
                                                                  –
     Total assets                          13,070,523       1,011                                          –  291,438
                                                           46,997                                   45,381    432,471
     Liabilities                           1,366,064                    215,203       27,109
     Borrowing from central banks and      9,836,130              –   1,716,946    1,338,552
                                                       7,908,660
       amounts due to banks and other        139,151                            –            –
       financial institutions                 11,253                       2,694        6,696
     Deposits from customers                 142,403                     41,156       51,571
     Financial liabilities at FVTPL and      294,623                                    3,185
       derivative financial liabilities                                         –  1,427,113
     Lease liabilities                                                1,975,999
     Debt securities issued
     Other liabilities (note (ii))

     Total liabilities                     11,789,624

     Asset-liability gap                   1,280,899 (2,518,088) 1,509,992         636,594 1,562,458          89,943
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                275

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(b) Market risk (continued)

(ii) Interest rate risk (continued)

(3) The following tables indicate the next expected repricing dates (or maturity dates whichever are
         earlier) for assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. (continued)

                                                                                 2024

                                                                     3 months         Over          Over                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Over 5 Non-interest
                                                                        or less  3 months         1 year
                                                             Total               to 1 year    to 5 years                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               years        bearing
                                                                    (including
Assets                                  573,788                      overdue)              –            –                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        –   26,144
Cash and balances with central          896,707
                                      6,622,950                       547,644      193,834       24,089                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         13          –
  banks                               3,674,904
Amounts due from banks and              383,687                       678,771    3,085,793      553,747                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   61,680            –

  other financial institutions                                      2,921,730      510,412    1,287,820                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1,309,218     79,966
Loans and advances to customers                                                            –            –                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        –  383,687
                                                                      487,488                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       489,797
  (note (i))                                                                  –  3,790,039    1,865,656                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1,370,911
Financial investments and derivative
                                                                    4,635,633
  financial assets
Other assets (note (ii))                                            1,008,346
                                                                    6,367,726
Total assets                          12,152,036
                                                                              –
Liabilities                           1,207,017                          1,055     187,090       11,192                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   389               –
Borrowing from central banks and      9,096,587                       115,232    1,418,427    1,285,129                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                22,696          2,609

  amounts due to banks and other         99,044                               4       5,691             –                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    –       93,353
  financial institutions                 12,778                     7,492,363         2,855        7,705                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                1,163               –
Deposits from customers                 221,583                                     54,627       44,330                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 7,394               –
Financial liabilities at FVTPL and      281,552                                                    3,033
  derivative financial liabilities                                                         –  1,351,389                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      –      278,515
Lease liabilities                                                                1,668,690                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             31,642       374,477
Debt securities issued
Other liabilities (note (ii))

Total liabilities                     10,918,561

Asset-liability gap                   1,233,475 (2,856,730) 2,121,349                         514,267 1,339,269                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     115,320

Notes:

(i)                   For loans and advances to customers, the “3 months or less” category includes overdue amounts as at 31 December 2025 and

                      31 December 2024 net of allowances for impairment losses. Overdue amounts represent loans of which the whole or part of the

                      principals or interests were overdue.

(ii)                  Accrued interest of financial assets and liabilities are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.

(4) Sensitivity analysis

The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
Group’s net interest income and equity. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate
sensitivity analysis on the assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.

                                                                              2025                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2024

Change in interest rates (in basis points)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1  Up by 25 Down by 25

(Decrease)/increase in net interest income                          Up by 25 Down by 25
(Decrease)/increase in equity
                                                                     (4,648)                   4,648                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    (4,713)      4,713
                                                                    (13,337)                  13,648                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (10,793)     10,931

The above-mentioned interest rate sensitivity analysis shows the changes in net interest income and equity
in the next 12 months under the assumption of changes in interest rates in the above table. As the actual
situation and assumptions may be different, the actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and
equity caused by the increase or decrease in interest rates may be different from the results of this sensitivity
analysis.
276  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (c) Liquidity risk

               Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is not able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost and in a timely
               manner to deal with the appreciation of asset growth, to meet its maturity obligations, or to perform other payment
               obligations.

               According to the liquidity risk management policy, the Group segregates the policy setting, execution and supervision
               of liquidity risk management, and puts in place a governance framework which defines the roles, responsibilities and
               reporting lines of the Board of Directors, senior management, designated committees and relevant departments to
               ensure the effectiveness of liquidity risk management. The Board of Directors takes the ultimate responsibility for
               liquidity risk management, ensures the Group can effectively identify, measure, monitor and control liquidity risk and
               is responsible for determining liquidity risk level which the Group can tolerate. The Risk and Capital Management
               Committee under the Board of Directors shall perform its responsibilities in liquidity risk management according to
               the requirements of the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee is responsible for the supervision and evaluation
               of the performance of the Board of Directors and senior management in liquidity risk management and reports to
               the general meeting of shareholders. The senior management is responsible for the liquidity risk management work
               and develops a timely understanding of changes in liquidity risks, and reports the same to the Board of Directors.
               The Asset and Liability Management Committee (ALCO) exercises specific liquidity risk management functions as
               required by the senior management. The Assets and Liabilities Management Department of the Head Office is a day-
               to-day working body of ALCO and responsible for various concrete management work including formulating policies
               and procedures relating to liquidity risk management and conducting qualitative and quantitative analysis of liquidity
               risk. The Internal Audit Department of the Head Office conducts comprehensive audit on the Group’s liquidity risk
               management.

               The Group is prudent in managing its liquidity risk, which suits its current development stage. The Group’s existing
               liquidity risk management policies and systems meet regulatory requirements and suit its own management needs.

               The Group’s liquidity risk management is coordinated by the Head Office with branches acting in concert. The
               Asset and Liability Management Department acting as the treasurer of the Group is in charge of daily liquidity risk
               management. According to a prudent basis under regulatory requirements, the treasurer is conducting centralised
               liquidity management through limit management, budget control, initiative debt management as well as internal
               fund transfer pricing.

               The Group measures, monitors and identifies liquidity risk by short-term reserves as well as medium and long-term
               structures. It monitors the limit indicators closely at fixed intervals.

               The Group regularly conducts stress testing to assess its liquidity risk resistance under extreme circumstances. Except
               for the annual stress testing required by the regulatory authorities, the Group conducts monthly stress testing on
               the liquidity risk of local and foreign currencies. The Group sets up liquidity contingency plans and conducts liquidity
               contingency drills to continuously improve its capability to handle any liquidity crisis.
China Merchants Bank              Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                   277

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(c) Liquidity risk (continued)

          Analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by contractual remaining maturity is as follows:

                                                Repayable     Within         Over       Over      2025          Over   Indefinite  Overdue    Total
                                                on demand    1 month    1 month to  3 months                  5 years   508,443          –  574,775
                                                                                    to 1 year  Over 1 year
Cash and balances with central banks (note (i)) 64,591           172     3 months               to 5 years         –          –
                                                                                         870            –                     –
                                                                              699                                617
                                                                                                            1,884,138    30,104
Amounts due from banks and other financial
                                                                                                            1,578,091     5,680
institutions                                    65,846       472,977    114,148     280,149    28,184                         –        – 961,921
                                                             493,615    487,310                               92,843          –    29,119 6,995,085
Loans and advances to customers                 35,811                              1,999,735 2,065,357      990,752
                                                                                                             494,496     24,424
Financial investments and derivative financial                                                                          310,097
                                                                                                                   –    848,644
assets (note (ii))                              6,988        250,973 175,595        495,397 1,581,991          5,609               294 4,119,433
                                                                                                            3,468,455         –
– Financial investments at FVTPL                                                                                              –
                                                                                                               7,661
(including derivative financial assets)         6,988         192,914    66,453      134,002    167,739       46,977          –    – 666,619
                                                               32,316    39,374      193,537    846,817                       –
– Debt investments at amortised cost            –              25,743    69,768      167,858    567,435       29,567          –    294 2,103,090
                                                                                                                 853          –
– Debt investments at FVTOCI                    –                   –        –             –          –                       –    – 1,325,300
                                                               13,735    16,337       22,958     18,214        2,680    848,644
– Equity investments designated at FVTOCI       –                                                                241               –        24,424
                                                             1,231,472  794,089     2,799,109  3,693,746
Other assets (note (iii))                       28,275                                                        87,979               4,084 419,309
                                                                                                            3,380,476
Total assets                                    201,511                                                                            33,497 13,070,523

Borrowing from central banks and amounts         805,452     130,180    125,317     237,987    59,467                              – 1,366,064
 due to banks and other financial institutions  4,995,943    767,078    961,815                                                    – 9,836,130
                                                                                    1,718,792 1,345,525
Deposits from customers                           68,370
Financial liabilities at FVTPL and                     –      15,258       5,839       8,087     12,030                            – 139,151
                                                       –        417          594       2,694      6,695
 derivative financial liabilities                                                     47,264     62,844                            –        11,253
Lease liabilities                                143,971       9,237      20,378      44,555     30,659
Debt securities issued                                        55,693      19,504                                                   – 142,403
Other liabilities (note (iii))                                                      2,059,379  1,517,220
                                                             977,863    1,133,447                                                  – 294,623
                                                                                     739,730   2,176,526
Total liabilities                               6,013,736    253,609    (339,358)                                                  – 11,789,624

(Short)/long position                           (5,812,225)                                                                        33,497 1,280,899
278  China Merchants Bank                 Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (c) Liquidity risk (continued)

              Analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by contractual remaining maturity is as follows: (continued)

                                                      Repayable    Within         Over      Over      2024           Over   Indefinite  Overdue    Total
                                                     on demand    1 month    1 month to  3 months                  5 years  524,732          –   573,788
                                                                                         to 1 year  Over 1 year
     Cash and balances with central banks (note (i)) 46,957           38      3 months               to 5 years         –         –
                                                                                            1,925                                 –
                                                                                   136                      –          13
                                                                                                                 1,793,147   26,820
     Amounts due from banks and other financial
                                                                                                                 1,330,326    4,505
     institutions                                    47,422       479,313    151,267 194,478        24,214                        –         – 896,707
                                                                  567,322                                          65,290         –     30,563 6,622,950
     Loans and advances to customers                 37,161                  521,001 1,785,295 1,888,461          919,716
                                                                                                                  345,320    22,315
     Financial investments and derivative financial                                                                         270,768
                                                                                                                        –   822,320
     assets (note (ii))                              4,936        269,334 155,234 506,409 1,381,773                 4,669               72 3,674,904
                                                                                                                 3,128,155        –
     – Financial investments at FVTPL (including                                                                                  –
                                                                                                                    6,617
            derivative financial assets)             4,936         229,529    51,315      131,726    162,250       24,810         –     – 649,551
                                                                    20,519    58,800      181,330    740,026                      –
     – Debt investments at amortised cost            –              19,286    45,119      193,353    479,497       30,619         –     70 1,920,461
                                                                                                                    1,163         –
     – Debt investments at FVTOCI                    –                   –        –             –          –        7,394         –     2 1,082,577
                                                                    12,493    14,400       21,479     18,287                822,320
     – Equity investments designated at FVTOCI       –                                                                305               –        22,315
                                                                  1,328,500  842,038     2,509,586  3,312,735      70,908
     Other assets (note (iii))                       36,930                                                      3,057,247              4,661 383,687

     Total assets                                    173,406                                                                            35,296 12,152,036

     Borrowing from central banks and amounts         656,081     149,972    150,656 201,897        41,794                              – 1,207,017
      due to banks and other financial institutions  4,752,616    673,445                                                               – 9,096,587
                                                                             936,315 1,420,661 1,288,740
     Deposits from customers                           16,928
     Financial liabilities at FVTPL and derivative          –      10,044       6,266      18,668     16,519                            –        99,044
                                                            –        448          607       2,855      7,705
      financial liabilities                                                                61,455     53,770                            –        12,778
     Lease liabilities                                141,006      26,710      72,254      49,859     33,352
     Debt securities issued                                        34,895      22,135                                                   – 221,583
     Other liabilities (note (iii))                                                      1,755,395  1,441,880
                                                                  895,514    1,188,233                                                  – 281,552
                                                                                          754,191   1,870,855
     Total liabilities                               5,566,631    432,986     (346,195)                                                 – 10,918,561

     (Short)/long position                           (5,393,225)                                                                        35,296 1,233,475

     Notes:

     (i)     For cash and balances with central banks, the amounts with indefinite maturities represent statutory deposit reserve and fiscal deposit

             balances.

     (ii)    For financial investments at FVTPL included in financial investments, their maturity dates do not represent the Group’s intention to hold them

             to maturity.

     (iii)   Accrued interest of financial assets and liabilities are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
China Merchants Bank                  Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                             279

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(c) Liquidity risk (continued)

The following table provides an analysis of the contractual undiscounted cash flow of the non-derivative financial
assets, non-derivative financial liabilities, and loan commitments of the Group as at the end of the reporting period.
The Group’s actual cash flows on these instruments may vary significantly from this analysis.

                                                                                   2025

                                      Carrying           Repayable                      Over      Over                  Over   Indefinite  Overdue
                                      amount     Total on demand         Within 1 month to    3 months Over 1 year    5 years
                                                                        1 month 3 months      to 1 year to 5 years              508,443          –
                                                                                                                           –
Non-derivative financial assets                                                                                                       –          –
                                                                                                                         618          –     29,119
Cash and balances with central                                                                                      2,328,378    31,154
                                                                                                                    1,931,812      6,730       294
banks                                 574,775 574,775 64,591                 172   699        870        –                                       –
                                                                                                                     106,022          –
Amounts due from banks and other                                         473,271                                                      –        294
                                                                         509,294                                    1,181,897                    –
financial institutions                961,921 966,522 65,857             256,626   114,477     282,807     29,492    643,893     24,424
                                                                         190,654   519,642    2,178,429  2,412,294               39,677          –
Loans and advances to customers 6,995,085 8,012,967 35,811                         188,821               1,833,835         –    579,274      4,082
                                                                          36,969    63,731     555,065                 1,178                33,495
Financial investments                 4,100,610 4,804,457    6,850        29,003               132,310    171,268   4,261,986         –
                                                                                                                                      –          –
– Financial investments at FVTPL 647,796 677,565             6,850             –                                       8,464          –          –
                                                                          13,711                                      47,998          –          –
– Debt investments at amortised                                         1,253,074                                     29,498          –          –
                                                                                                                       1,112          –          –
       cost                           2,103,090 2,506,830    –                     48,681 230,452 1,008,537            2,720          –          –
                                                                                   76,409 192,303 654,030                             –          –
– Debt investments at FVTOCI 1,325,300 1,595,638             –                                                           241                     –
                                                                                                                      90,033
– Equity investments designated
                                                                                                                           –
       at FVTOCI                      24,424 24,424          –                          –            –          –
                                                                                    16,290      22,710     11,752
Other assets                          137,675 137,675 28,275
                                                                                   839,929    3,039,881  4,287,373
Total                                 12,770,066 14,496,396 201,384

Non-derivative financial liabilities  1,366,064   1,380,412   805,667   130,782     127,438    243,100     64,961
 and lease liabilities                9,836,130  10,011,785  5,003,628  776,068     983,694   1,774,568  1,425,829
                                                                         12,280
Borrowing from central banks and       120,499     120,607     68,325                 2,916      2,153      5,435
 amounts due to banks and other         11,253      12,000          –      417          595      2,733      7,143
 financial institutions                142,403     148,583          –     9,376                 49,441     65,984
                                       239,288     190,556               55,693      21,062     44,555     30,877
Deposits from customers                                        39,686                19,504
Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                          984,616               2,116,550  1,600,229
Lease liabilities                                                                  1,155,209
Debt securities issued                                                       –                       –          –
Other liabilities                                                                         –

Total                                 11,715,637 11,863,943 5,917,306

Loan commitments                      – 1,942,474 1,942,474
280  China Merchants Bank                  Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (c) Liquidity risk (continued)

     The following table provides an analysis of the contractual undiscounted cash flow of the non-derivative financial
     assets, non-derivative financial liabilities, and loan commitments of the Group as at the end of the reporting period.
     The Group’s actual cash flows on these instruments may vary significantly from this analysis. (continued)

                                                                                          2024

                                           Carrying         Total   Repayable   Within         Over      Over    Over 1 year      Over   Indefinite  Overdue
                                           amount                  on demand   1 month    1 month to  3 months    to 5 years    5 years
                                                         573,788                                      to 1 year                          524,732          –
                                                                      46,957               3 months                                  –
                                                         904,328                                                                               –          –
     Non-derivative financial assets        573,788     7,670,661     47,430         38   136         1,925      –                  13         –      30,563
     Cash and balances with central                     4,273,759     37,161                                                  2,265,613   26,820
                                            896,707                    4,956    479,793   152,137      197,581     27,374     1,653,029    4,505         72
      banks                                6,622,950     638,145       4,956    583,775   555,313     1,963,041  2,235,195                                –
     Amounts due from banks and other      3,642,371                            272,560   163,542                1,597,127      75,786         –
                                                        2,324,329          –    225,776    45,894      555,653                                 –         70
      financial institutions                617,018     1,288,970          –                           124,509    156,719     1,116,976                   2
     Loans and advances to customers                                             25,001                                        460,267    22,315
     Financial investments                 1,920,461      22,315           –     21,783   67,717 219,327 895,238                          10,681          –
                                           1,082,577     102,337      33,461              49,931 211,817 545,170                     –   562,233       4,661
      – Financial investments at FVTPL                 13,524,873    169,965          –                                            511                35,296
      – Debt investments at amortised        22,315                              12,442        –             –          –     3,919,166
                                            102,337                            1,348,608   14,328       21,190      5,063
          cost
      – Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                        885,456     2,739,390  3,864,759
      – Equity investments designated

          at FVTOCI
     Other assets

     Total                                 11,838,153

     Non-derivative financial liabilities

     and lease liabilities

     Borrowing from central banks and

     amounts due to banks and other

     financial institutions                1,207,017 1,220,980 656,335 150,888 152,614 206,029 47,556                         7,558      –           –

     Deposits from customers               9,096,587 9,321,148 4,793,218 686,784 958,060 1,470,346 1,387,318 25,422                      –           –

     Financial liabilities at FVTPL        67,461 67,510 16,886                6,247      1,342       7,526      4,998 30,511            –           –

     Lease liabilities                     12,778 13,793           –           451        614         2,908      8,299        1,521      –           –

     Debt securities issued                221,583 228,531         – 26,990 73,018 63,674 57,135                              7,714      –           –

     Other liabilities                     181,168 181,168 43,755 33,783 21,974 48,334 33,017                                 305        –           –

     Total                                 10,786,594 11,033,130 5,510,194 905,143 1,207,622 1,798,817 1,538,323 73,031                  –           –

     Loan commitments                      – 1,783,211 1,783,211               –          –           –          –                    –  –           –

     Note: Accrued interest of financial assets and liabilities are included in “other assets” and “other liabilities” respectively.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                  281

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(d) Operational risk

          Operational risk arises from the loss due to deficiency in internal procedures, staffing or IT structure, as well as
          external events which have effect on operation, including legal risk but not strategy risk and reputation risk.

          During the reporting period, through stepping up the identification, evaluation and monitoring of operational risk in
          key areas, and by focusing on process, policy, employee system, and existing problems of critical control segments,
          the Group further improves the risk management method, appraisal and assessment mechanism, and strengthens
          economic capital allocation mechanism with the goal of enhancing the ability and effectiveness of operational risk’s
          management of the Group. All major indexes meet the requirements of the Group’s risk preference.

          In view of the challenges from internal and external operations and management, the Group will, based on its risk
          appetite, continue to upgrade its risk management capabilities and strengthen operational risk monitoring and
          controls, in order to prevent and reduce operational risk losses.

(e) Capital management

The objectives of the Group’s capital management are to:

–  Keep capital adequacy ratios at reasonable levels, satisfy capital-specific regulatory provisions and policy

   requirements on an ongoing basis, and maintain a solid capital base in support of its business expansion,

   social responsibility and strategic planning implementation to achieve a comprehensive, coordinated and

   sustainable growth;

–  Comply with capital regulatory requirements, perform procedures to assess internal capital adequacy, openly

   disclose information related to capital management, fully cover all risks and ensure safe operation of the

   entire group;

–  Put in place an economic capital-centred banking value management system by fully applying various risk-

   specific quantitative deliverables, enhance decision-making processes and management application regimes,

   strengthen capital restraint and capital incentive mechanisms, reinforce capabilities to facilitate customer

   pricing and decision-making, and increase capital deployment efficiency;

–  Reasonably use all kinds of capital instruments, continue to upgrade capital strengths, improve capital

   structures, raise capital quality, lower capital costs, and create the best returns for shareholders.

The Group manages its capital structure and adjusts it based on the economic condition and the risk characteristics
of its operations. To maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Group may modify its profit distribution policy,
issue or repurchase shares, additional tier 1 capital instruments, eligible tier 2 capital instruments, and convertible
debentures. The Group’s management regularly monitors capital adequacy ratio under the approaches stipulated by
regulators. The Group and the Bank submit the required information to the NFRA every quarter.

The Group’s capital adequacy ratio calculation covers the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Bank’s capital adequacy ratio
calculation covers all branches of the Bank. As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s subsidiaries that were within the
capital adequacy ratio calculation included: CMB WLB, CMBIC, CMBFL, CMFM, CMBWM, CIGNA & CMAM, CMB
Europe S.A and CMB Investment.

Since 1 January 2024, the Group has calculated its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the NFRA’s the Rules
on Capital Management of Commercial Banks. According to the approval and requirements of implementing the
advanced method of capital measurement by the former CBIRC on April 18, 2014 and the NFRA’s relevant provisions
of the Notice on implement of Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks (਷࢕‫ږ‬ፄ္ຖ၍ଣᐼ҅ᗫ‫׵‬
ྼ݄<ਠุვБ༟͉၍ଣ፬‫޴>ج‬ᗫԫධٙஷٝ) (Jin Gui [2023] No.9), within the approved scope, the Group could
calculate corporation and financial institution risk exposure using the Foundation Internal Ratings-Based Approach,
retail risk exposure using the Advanced Internal Ratings-Based Approach, market risk and operational risk using the
Standardised Approach. At the same time, the NFRA or its agencies implemented a transition period for commercial
banks that were approved to adopt the Advanced Measurement Approach. During the transition period, commercial
banks should follow Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks to carry out capital measurement.
282  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (e) Capital management (continued)

               The Group’s capital management focuses on capital adequacy ratio management. The capital adequacy ratio reflects
               the Group’s capability of sound operations and risk resistance. The Group’s capital adequacy ratio management’s
               objective is to carefully determine capital adequacy ratio, as legally required by regulators, according to actual
               risk profiles and with reference to capital adequacy ratio levels of globally leading market peers and the Group’s
               operating conditions.

     The Group adopts the scenario simulation and stress testing methods to forecast, plan and manage its capital
     adequacy ratio with considerations of factors such as strategic development planning, business expansion status,
     and risk movement trends.

     The capital ratios calculated by the Advanced Measurement Approach set out in the Rules on Capital Management
     of Commercial Banks are as follows:

     Common equity tier 1 adequacy ratio                                       2025         2024
     Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                         14.16%       14.86%
     Capital adequacy ratio                                                16.51%       17.48%
                                                                           18.24%       19.05%
     Common equity tier 1                                               1,080,721    1,036,392
     Regulatory deductions from Common equity tier 1                        13,161       13,344
     Net Common equity tier 1                                           1,067,560    1,023,048
     Additional tier 1 capital                                            177,457      180,446
     Net tier 1 capital                                                 1,245,017    1,203,494
     Tier 2 capital                                                       130,014      108,248
     Net capital                                                        1,375,031    1,311,742

     Risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the capital floor  7,540,202    6,885,783
        requirements)

     (f) Use of derivatives

               Derivatives include forwards, swaps and option transactions undertaken by the Group in the foreign exchange and
               interest rate markets.

               The Group enters into interest rate, foreign currency and other financial derivative transactions for treasury business
               and its assets and liabilities management purposes. The Group’s derivatives can be divided into financial instruments
               that are held for fair value hedge and cash flow hedging purposes and that are at fair value through profit or loss.

               The Group formulates appropriate hedging strategies and uses proper tools in light of the risk profile of interest
               rates or foreign exchange rates associated with its assets and liabilities, as well as its analysis and judgement
               regarding future movements of interest rates or foreign exchange rates.

               The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk when assets or liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies. Such
               risk can be offset through the use of foreign exchange forwards or foreign exchange options.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                             283

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(f) Use of derivatives (continued)

In cash flow hedges, the Group uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments to hedge the risks of variability in
cash flows arising from floating-rate loans, floating-rate bonds and interbank assets or liabilities. In fair value hedge,
the Group uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments to hedge the risks of changes in fair value arising from
bond investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.

The following tables provide an analysis of the notional amounts and the corresponding fair values of derivatives
of the Group by remaining maturities at the end of the reporting period. The notional amounts of the derivatives
indicate the transaction volume that has not been delivered at the end of the reporting period, and do not represent
the amounts at risk.

                                                                              2025

                                                Notional amounts with remaining life               Fair value

                                                Between Between

                                      Within    3 months         1 year         Over
                                   3 months                                   5 years
                                                and 1 year and 5 years                      Total  Assets Liabilities
                                     720,088
Derivatives at fair value through    719,717    1,201,348        1,333,727    2,854    3,258,017    6,758       (6,837)
  profit or loss                                1,201,277        1,333,727    2,854    3,257,575    6,757       (6,837)
  Interest rate derivatives               371
    Interest rate swaps                      –          61                 –       –          432        1            –
    Bond futures                                        10                 –       –           10        –            –
    Interest rate options          1,140,645                                  6,019    2,174,766   11,521      (11,341)
                                      82,150      972,108           55,994    1,897      127,932      362         (831)
  Currency derivatives               798,244       41,970            1,915    4,122    1,395,560    9,262       (8,158)
    Forwards                                 –    552,630           40,564         –       8,391         –            –
    Foreign exchange swaps           260,251        8,391                          –     642,883    1,897       (2,352)
    Futures                            3,310      369,117                  –       –      10,501      254         (261)
    Options                               570                       13,515         –       3,852       47             –
                                          580       6,788                          –       3,827         –         (20)
  Other derivatives                    1,895        3,247               403        –       2,257      207         (238)
    Equity options purchased              265       3,247                35        –          565        –           (3)
    Equity options written
    Commodity trading swaps                  –         294                 –    949       12,371         –         (27)
    Credit default swaps                     –            –              68     949       12,371         –         (27)
                                       1,036                            300                3,088       84          (12)
Fair value hedge derivatives           1,036                                       –       3,088       84          (12)
  Interest rate derivatives                     1,500            9,922             –
    Interest rate swaps                5,148    1,500            9,922                    42,737       68          (95)
                                       5,148                                    279       42,737       68          (95)
  Currency derivatives                 3,412      830            1,222          279       13,645      137          (79)
    Foreign exchange swaps             3,412      830            1,222                    13,645      137          (79)
                                                                                   –
Cash flow hedge derivatives                  –  11,844           25,466            –          175
  Interest rate derivatives                  –  11,844           25,466                       175
    Interest rate swaps            1,873,639                                           5,515,300
                                                 7,662            2,571
  Currency derivatives                           7,662            2,571
    Foreign exchange swaps
                                                       175                 –        –                    1            –
Derivatives managed in                                 175                 –        –                    1            –
  conjunction with financial
  instruments designated at FVTPL               2,202,255        1,429,305    10,101               18,823      (18,652)
  Interest rate derivatives
    Interest rate swaps

Total
284  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (f) Use of derivatives (continued)

                                                                                   2024

                                                     Notional amounts with remaining life               Fair value

                                            Within     Between           Between     Over        Total  Assets Liabilities
                                        3 months      3 months             1 year  5 years
                                                     and 1 year                             2,076,112
                                          295,444                     and 5 years           2,071,576
                                          290,990
     Derivatives at fair value through               931,606          847,772      1,290        4,536   11,136      (11,478)
       profit or loss                       4,454    931,524          847,772      1,290    1,978,041   11,035      (11,478)
       Interest rate derivatives          944,726
         Interest rate swaps               44,479          82                –          –      67,224      101             –
         Bond futures                     664,671    947,917           83,676      1,722    1,473,828   20,926      (19,773)
                                                      21,093            1,372
       Currency derivatives                     18   740,338           67,377        280           405     588         (579)
         Forwards                         235,558                                  1,442      436,584   17,734      (16,958)
         Foreign exchange swaps                          387                 –                 11,124
         Futures                            4,767    186,099           14,927           –                     –            –
         Options                               805                                      –       3,611    2,604       (2,236)
                                               805     6,090              230         37        3,574
       Other derivatives                               2,769                 –        37        3,508      262         (123)
         Equity options purchased           3,157      2,769                 –          –                  131             –
         Equity options written                   –                          –          –          431
         Commodity trading swaps                         351                            –                     –         (21)
         Credit default swaps                     –      201              230                      500     131         (100)
                                                  –                                     –          500
     Fair value hedge derivatives           1,200           –             500           –       9,754         –           (2)
       Interest rate derivatives            1,200           –             500           –       9,754
         Interest rate swaps                           1,940            6,614           –                     –         (15)
                                            2,110      1,940            6,614                  22,357         –         (15)
       Currency derivatives                 2,110                                    330       22,357       76         (161)
         Foreign exchange swaps                       10,384            9,533        330                    76         (161)
                                                  –   10,384            9,533                      183
     Cash flow hedge derivatives                  –                                                183     128          (33)
       Interest rate derivatives        1,248,247                                           4,098,071      128          (33)
         Interest rate swaps
                                                               –          183           –                     5            –
     Derivatives managed in                                    –          183           –                     5            –
       conjunction with financial
       instruments designated at FVTPL               1,897,937        948,508      3,379                32,533      (31,583)
       Interest rate derivatives
         Interest rate swaps

     Total

     There was no ineffective portion of cash flow hedges during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                          285

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(f) Use of derivatives (continued)                                                          2025   2024
                                                                                            6,640  4,254
          The credit risk weighted amounts in respect of these derivatives are as follows:  1,581  2,353
                                                                                            8,221  6,607
          Default risk weighted assets of counterparties
          Credit valuation adjustment risk weighted assets
          Total

Since 1 January 2024, the risk weighted amounts in respect of derivatives are calculated in accordance with Rules
on Capital Management of Commercial Banks. The amounts within the scope approved by the former CBIRC in April
2014 are calculated using the Internal Ratings-Based Approach, and the Weighted Approach is adopted to calculate
those that are not eligible for the Internal Ratings-Based approach.

(g) Fair value information

(i) Methods of determining fair value of financial instruments

Several of the Group’s accounting policies and disclosure requirements stipulate the measurement of fair values, for
both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.

The Group has established a control framework to govern the measurement of fair values. This includes a valuation
team that takes the responsibility for overseeing all significant fair value measurements including the three levels of
fair values.

The valuation team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party
information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to determine fair value, then the valuation team
assesses the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuation meets the
requirements of IFRS Accounting Standards, including the classification of levels in the fair value hierarchy.

When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible.
Fair values are categorised into different levels in the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
techniques.

The level in which fair value measurement is categorised is determined by the level of the fair value hierarchy of the
lowest level of input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are defined as follows:

–  Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity

   can access at the measurement date;

–  Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset

   or liability, either directly or indirectly;

–  Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

The Group recognises transfers among levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period during
which the transfer takes place.

The Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are measured on a recurring basis. The Group does not have
assets nor liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.
286  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (g) Fair value information (continued)

     (ii) Assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
               basis

     The following tables present the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the reporting
     period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting
     date:

                                                                       Level 1            2025   Level 3          Total
                                                                                  Level 2
                                                                       21,396                                 636,328
     Assets                                                            14,087       610,143       4,789       344,803
     Financial investments measured at FVTPL                                        330,563          153
                                                                         5,817                           –        5,817
        – Debt securities                                                1,442                –                   6,720
        – Precious metal contracts                                                      1,432     3,846       265,222
        – Equity investments                                                  50    264,586          586          4,416
        – Fund investments                                                     –        4,416            –        9,350
        – Wealth management products                                           –        9,146        204        11,468
        – Other                                                                       11,300             –      11,468
     Financial investments designated at FVTPL                              168       11,300             –      18,823
        – Debt securities                                                   168       18,823             –      98,306
     Derivative financial assets                                                      97,270                1,337,950
     Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                                  –  1,033,936       1,036       519,576
     Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                –    519,054              –      24,424
     Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                        304,014           1,901
     Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                   –                     522    2,646,875
                                                                       14,705     2,292,427       7,818
     Total                                                                                                      88,605
                                                                      340,283                    14,165         88,317
     Liabilities
     Financial liabilities held for trading                            88,317         288              –            288
                                                                       88,317             –            –        31,894
        – Financial liabilities related to precious metal                                              –        31,894
        – Short position on bonds                                              –      288        1,569          18,652
     Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL                                 –  30,325         1,569
        – Other                                                                –  30,325               –      139,151
     Derivative financial liabilities                                          –  18,652
                                                                                                 1,569
     Total                                                             88,317     49,265
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                        287

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(g) Fair value information (continued)

(ii) Assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
         basis (continued)

The following tables present the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy, at the end of the reporting
period, of the Group’s assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at each reporting
date: (continued)

                                                                  Level 1            2024   Level 3            Total
                                                                             Level 2
                                                                  15,699                                  603,353
Assets                                                            14,204       584,337         3,317      252,052
Financial investments measured at FVTPL                                        237,508            340
                                                                       134                           –          134
   – Debt securities                                                1,360                –                    3,262
   – Precious metal contracts                                                            3     1,899      343,951
   – Equity investments                                                   1    343,079            871         3,134
   – Fund investments                                                     –        3,134             –
   – Wealth management products                                           –          613          207           820
   – Other                                                          1,646        12,019              –      13,665
Financial investments designated at FVTPL                           1,646        12,019              –      13,665
   – Debt securities                                                      –      32,533              –      32,533
Derivative financial assets                                               –      34,601                     35,775
Loans and advances to customers at FVTPL                         230,469       861,658         1,174    1,092,127
Debt investments at FVTOCI                                                –    345,349               –    551,692
Loans and advances to customers at FVTOCI                         12,873           1,903                    22,315
Equity investments designated at FVTOCI                                                     206,343
                                                                 260,687     1,872,400         7,539    2,351,460
Total
                                                                  28,757                    218,373         29,146
Liabilities                                                       28,757                                    28,757
Financial liabilities held for trading                                           389              –
                                                                          –          –            –             389
   – Financial liabilities related to precious metal                5,567                         –         38,315
   – Short position on bonds                                        5,567        389        1,156
Financial liabilities designated at FVTPL                                    31,592               –           5,567
   – Debt securities issued                                               –                 1,156           32,748
   – Other                                                                –          –            –         31,583
Derivative financial liabilities                                             31,592
                                                                  34,324     31,583         1,156           99,044
Total
                                                                             63,564

During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no significant transfers of financial instruments
between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
288  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (g) Fair value information (continued)

     (ii) Assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
              basis (continued)
              (1) Basis of determining the market prices for recurring fair value measurements categorised as Level 1
                         Bloomberg etc. are used for financial instruments with quoted prices in an active market.

     (2) Valuation techniques used and the information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurement categorised as Level 2

               Fair value of RMB denominated bonds whose value is available on China Bond website on the valuation date
               is measured using the latest available valuation results.

               Fair value of foreign currency bonds without quoted prices in an active market is measured by using the
               comprehensive valuations provided by Bloomberg, etc.

               Fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts in derivative financial instruments is measured by
               discounting the differences between the contract prices and market future prices of the foreign exchange
               forward contracts. The discount rates used are the applicable RMB denominated swap yield curve as at the
               end of the reporting period.

               Fair value of option contracts such as foreign exchange options, commodity options and equity options is
               measured by using the Black-Scholes model, based on market data such as risk-free interest rate, underlying
               market prices and price volatility of foreign exchange, commodities, and equity contracts. The above market
               data used are quoted prices in an active market, provided by Bloomberg, Refinitiv, Wind and other market
               information providers.

               Fair value of interest rate swaps, foreign exchange swaps, and non-option commodity contracts in derivative
               financial instruments is measured by discounting the expected receivable or payable amounts under the
               assumption that these swaps had been terminated at the end of the reporting period. The discount rates
               used are the related currency denominated swap yield curve as at the end of the reporting period.

               Observable quoted price in market or valuation techniques applicable at present are used as the basis of
               determining the value of equity investments measured at FVTPL, investment funds and wealth management
               products.

               The fair value of discounted bills at FVTOCI and at FVTPL is mainly measured based on the rate of
               rediscounted bills announced by the Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation Ltd. The Group uses
               the 10-day average discount rate as the basis for calculating the value of discounted bills; which can either
               be measured by discounted cash flow approach. Other loans and advances measured at FVTOCI are measured
               by discounted cash flow approach based on observable market quotes.

               The fair value of equity investments designated at FVTOCI is measured by using the comprehensive valuations
               on Bloomberg or discounted cash flow approach using the relevant yield curve of China Bond at the end of
               the reporting period.

               The fair value of certificates of deposit issued is measured by using the comprehensive valuations on
               Bloomberg.

               The fair value of “Other” under financial investments measured at FVTPL is measured based on the net asset
               values.

               The fair value of other financial liabilities designated at FVTPL is measured based on the net asset values of
               the funds, determined with reference to observable (quoted) prices of underlying investment portfolio and
               adjustments of related expenses.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                     289

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(g) Fair value information (continued)

(ii) Assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
         basis (continued)

(3) Valuation techniques used and the information of key parameters for recurring fair value
          measurements categorised as Level 3:

                                         Fair value              Valuation techniques      Unobservable inputs
                                                 as at           Market approach
                                                                                           Liquidity discount
                                     31 December                 Discounted cash flow
                                                 2025               approach               Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                                              rate, cash flow
Equity investments designated at        1,141                    Net asset value approach
   FVTOCI                                   57                                             Net assets, liquidity
                                                                 Discounted cash flow         discount
Equity investments designated at        6,620                       approach
   FVTOCI                               1,036                                              Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                 Discounted cash flow         rate
Equity investments designated at          522                       approach
   FVTOCI                                                                                  Risk-adjusted discount
                                        2,511                    Market approach              rate
Loans and advances to customers           567                    Discounted cash flow
   at FVTPL                                                                                Liquidity discount
                                                                    approach               Risk-adjusted discount
Loans and advances to customers                                  Net asset value approach
   at FVTOCI                                                                                  rate, cash flow
                                                                                           Net assets, liquidity
Financial investments measured at
   FVTPL                                                                                      discount
   – Equity investments                                                                    Risk-adjusted discount
   – Equity investments
                                                                                              rate
– Equity investments                    768                                                Net assets
                                                                                           Liquidity discount
   – Debt securities                      153                    Discounted cash flow      Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                    approach
   – Fund investments                     481                                                 rate, cash flow
   – Fund investments                     105                    Net fund value approach   Net assets
   – Other                                181                    Market approach           Net assets, liquidity
                                                                 Discounted cash flow
   – Other                                  23                                                discount
Financial liabilities designated at     1,569                       approach
                                                                 Net fund value approach
   FVTPL                                                         Net fund value approach
290  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (g) Fair value information (continued)

     (ii) Assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
              basis (continued)

     (3) Valuation techniques used and the information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)

     Equity investments designated at          Fair value             Valuation techniques      Unobservable inputs
        FVTOCI                                       as at            Market approach
                                                                                                Liquidity discount
     Equity investments designated at     31 December                 Discounted cash flow
        FVTOCI                                       2024                approach               Risk-adjusted discount
                                                    1,022                                          rate, cash flow
     Equity investments designated at                                 Net asset value approach
        FVTOCI                                          67                                      Net assets, liquidity
                                                                      Discounted cash flow         discount
     Loans and advances to customers                6,450                approach
        at FVTPL                                                                                Risk-adjusted discount
                                                    1,174             Discounted cash flow         rate
     Loans and advances to customers                                     approach
        at FVTOCI                               206,343                                         Risk-adjusted discount
                                                                      Market approach              rate
     Financial investments measured at              1,119             Discounted cash flow
        FVTPL                                          516                                      Liquidity discount
        – Equity investments                                             approach               Risk-adjusted discount
        – Equity investments                                          Net asset value approach
                                                                                                   rate, cash flow
     – Equity investments                    264                                                Net assets, liquidity

        – Debt securities                      340                    Discounted cash flow         discount
                                                                         approach               Risk-adjusted discount
        – Fund investments                     807
        – Fund investments                       64                   Net fund value approach      rate
        – Other                                                       Market approach           Net assets
                                               163                    Discounted cash flow      Liquidity discount
        – Other                                                                                 Risk-adjusted discount
     Financial liabilities designated at         44                      approach
                                             1,156                    Net fund value approach      rate, cash flow
        FVTPL                                                         Net fund value approach   Net assets
                                                                                                Net assets, liquidity

                                                                                                   discount
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                   291

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(g) Fair value information (continued)

(ii) Assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
         basis (continued)

(3) Valuation techniques used and the information of key parameters for recurring fair value
         measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)

Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs

The following tables show the movements from the beginning balances to the ending balances for Level 3
financial instruments:

Assets                                                    Financial       Loans and       Loans and           Equity      Total
                                                       investments      advances to     advances to    investments    218,373
                                                                                                        designated
                                                           at FVTPL       customers       customers                         526
                                                                            at FVTPL      at FVTOCI      at FVTOCI          244
                                                                                                                      589,863
At 1 January 2025                                                3,317  1,174           206,343        7,539          (500,401)
                                                                                                                      (294,300)
Profit or loss                                                   533    (7)             –              –                   (140)
  – In profit or loss                                                                                                   14,165
  – In other comprehensive income                                46     –               (154)          352
                                                                                                                            405
Addition for the year                                            1,284  (15) 588,594                   –
Disposals and settlement on maturity
Transfer out of level 3                                          (330)  (114) (499,954)                (3)
Exchange difference
                                                                 –      – (294,300)                    –

                                                                 (61)   (2)             (7)            (70)

At 31 December 2025                                              4,789  1,036           522            7,818

Total unrealised gains and losses included in the

consolidated statement of profit or loss for assets

held at the end of the reporting period                          427    (22)            –              –

Assets                                                    Financial       Loans and       Loans and          Equity       Total
                                                       investments      advances to     advances to    investments    135,989
                                                                                                        designated
                                                          at FVTPL        customers       customers                        (615)
                                                                           at FVTPL       at FVTOCI      at FVTOCI          549
At 1 January 2024                                                4,160         3,729                          7,338   485,622
                                                                                            120,762                   (402,976)
Profit or loss                                                   (531)            (84)                             –       (214)
  – In profit or loss                                                –              –               –           297          18
  – In other comprehensive income                                                   –            252                  218,373
                                                                   72                       485,550                –
Addition for the year                                            (179)        (2,472)      (400,221)           (104)       (538)
Disposals and settlement on maturity                             (214)              –
Transfer out of level 3                                                             1               –              –
Exchange difference                                                 9                               –              8
                                                                               1,174        206,343           7,539
At 31 December 2024                                              3,317
                                                                                (104)               –              –
Total unrealised gains and losses included in the                (434)
  consolidated statement of profit or loss for assets
  held at the end of the reporting period
292  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     60. Risk management (continued)

     (g) Fair value information (continued)

     (ii) Assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring
              basis (continued)

     (3) Valuation techniques used and the information of key parameters for recurring fair value
              measurements categorised as Level 3: (continued)

     Valuation of financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (continued)

     Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             2025          2024
                                                                            1,156         1,825
     Balance as at 1 January
                                                                              263          (235)
     In profit or loss                                                        382               6
     Addition for the year                                                   (206)
     Disposals and settlement on maturity                                      (26)        (455)
     Exchange difference                                                    1,569             15

     Balance as at 31 December                                                263         1,156

     Total unrealised gains and losses included in the consolidated                        (235)
        statement of profit or loss for liabilities held at the end of the
        reporting period

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, due to adjustments in certain significant inputs to the fair value
     measurements of some financial assets, which became observable from previously being unobservable, the
     Group and the Bank transferred these financial assets from Level 3 to Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.
     (2024: No significant transfers).

     During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group did not change the valuation techniques for
     the financial assets and liabilities disclosed above which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                              293

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

60. Risk management (continued)

(g) Fair value information (continued)

(iii) Financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value

(1) Financial Assets

          The Group’s financial assets that are not measured at fair value mainly include balances with central banks,
          balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions, amounts held under resale agreements,
          loans and advances to customers at amortised cost and investments at amortised cost.

Except for loans and advances measured at amortised cost and debt instrument investments measured
at amortised cost, most of the financial assets not measured at fair value mature within 1 year, and their
carrying values approximate to their fair values.

Loans and advances are stated at amortised cost less allowances for impairment losses (Note 22). Loans and
advances at amortised cost are mostly priced at floating rates with reference to Loan Prime Rates (LPRs) and
repriced at least annually, and impairment allowances are made to reduce the carrying amounts of impaired
loans to estimated recoverable amounts. Accordingly, the carrying value of loans and advances approximates
to their fair value.

Debt investments measured at amortised cost are carried at amortised cost less allowances for impairment
losses. The fair value of the listed bonds is disclosed in Note 23(b).

The carrying value, fair value and fair value hierarchy of debt investments at amortised cost not measured at
fair value are listed below:

The Level 1 fair value measurement is based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets using Bloomberg
etc. For Level 2, the latest valuation results released by China Bond’s website are used to measure fair value
of bonds denominated in RMB. The Level 2 category also includes foreign currency bonds without active
quoted price, which is measured using the published comprehensive valuation by Bloomberg. The Level 3 fair
value is measured using discounted cash flow valuation technique.

                                             2025                                        2024

                              Carrying                                  Carrying

                              amount Fair value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 amount Fair value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3

Debt investments at amortised cost 2,103,090 2,205,577 117,481 2,012,821 75,275 1,920,461 2,066,244 71,429 1,913,893 80,922

Note: The above financial assets do not include accrued interest.

(2) Financial Liabilities

Financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value mainly include deposits from customers, amounts due
to banks and other financial institutions, amounts sold under repurchase agreements, and debts securities
issued by the Group. The carrying value of financial liabilities approximated to their fair value at the end of
the reporting period, except for the financial liabilities set out below:

                                             2025                                        2024

                              Carrying                                  Carrying

                              amount Fair value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 amount Fair value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3

Debt securities issued        80,963 80,793        – 80,793             – 85,003 89,325        – 89,325  –

Note: The above financial liabilities do not include accrued interest.
294  China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     61. Material related party transactions

     (a) Material connected person information

     Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows:

     Company name           Registered           Issued   No. of shares  Proportion      Proportion  Business                       Relationship              Legal
                            location          and fully    of the Bank       of the          of the                                 with the Bank Legal form  representative
     China Merchants Group                                  held by the                                                                                       Miao Jianmin
        (CMG)               Beijing               paid                   Bank held        Company    Transportation, shipping The largest     Limited
                                                capital      Company        by the          held by                                                           Miao Jianmin
                                                          7,559,427,375                   the Bank      agency, warehousing shareholder’s liability
                                             RMB16,900                    Company                –                                                            Sun Xian
                                                 million  3,289,470,337     29.97%                                                                            Sun Xian
                                                                                                 –                                                            Miao Jianmin
                                                          1,258,542,349  (note (i)(iv))                 and storage, leasing, parent company                  –
                                                           944,013,171                           –                                                            –
                                                                            13.04%               –      manufacturing building                                Wang Xiaoding
                                                          1,147,377,415    (note (ii))           –                                                            Wan Min
                                                           386,924,063                           –      and facility, repair
                                                           477,903,500       4.99%               –                                                            Wan Min
                                                            55,196,540                           –      and contracting, sales
                                                                             3.74%               –                                                            Zhang Anming
                                                          2,515,193,034                                 operating management                                  Chen Jianyao
                                                                             4.55%               –
                                                          1,574,729,111                                 service, etc.
                                                                             1.53%               –
     – China Merchants Steam Beijing         RMB17,000     696,450,214       1.89%               –   Transportation, building The largest     Limited
        Navigation Co., Ltd.                     million   103,552,616       0.22%
        (CMSN)                                                                                          and repair, procurement, shareholder liability
                                                                             9.97%
                                                                          (note (iii))                  supply chain management

                                                                             6.24%                      and distribution, shipping

                                                                             2.76%                      agency services, etc.
                                                                             0.41%
     – Shenzhen Yan Qing Shenzhen            RMB600                                                  Invest and set up industries, Shareholder Limited
        Investment and                        million
        Development Co., Ltd.                                                                           domestic commerce,                    liability

                                                                                                        materials supply and

                                                                                                        marketing business, etc.

     – Shenzhen Chu Yuan Shenzhen            RMB600                                                  Invest and set up industries, Shareholder Limited
        Investment and                        million
        Development Co., Ltd.                                                                           domestic commerce,                    liability

                                                                                                        materials supply and

                                                                                                        marketing business, etc.

     – China Merchants      Shenzhen         RMB8,824                                                Invest and set up industries, Shareholder Limited
        Financial Holdings                      million
        Co., Ltd.                                                                                       domestic commerce,                    liability

                                                                                                        materials supply and

                                                                                                        marketing business, etc.

     – Best Winner Investment British Virgin USD 1                                                   –                              Shareholder Joint stock

     Ltd.                   Islands                                                                                                           limited

                                                                                                                                              company

     – China Merchants Union British Virgin  USD0.06                                                 –                              Shareholder Limited
                                              million
     (BVI) Limited          Islands           USD10                                                                                           liability
                                              million
     – China Merchants Shenzhen                                                                      Invest and set up industries, Shareholder Limited

     Industry Development                                                                               enterprise management                 liability

     (Shenzhen) Ltd.                                                                                    consulting and investment

                                                                                                        consulting, etc.

     China COSCO Shipping Shanghai RMB11,000                                                         International shipping Shareholder’s Limited

     Corporation Limited.                    million                                                    business, supporting        parent company liability

                                                                                                        services to international

                                                                                                        shipping, imports and

                                                                                                        exports of goods and

                                                                                                        technology, international

                                                                                                        freight forwarding agent,

                                                                                                        etc.

     – China Ocean Shipping Beijing          RMB16,191                                               Transportation business, Shareholder Limited
        Co., Ltd.                                million
                                                                                                        leasing business, ship                liability

                                                                                                        purchasing and marketing

                                                                                                        business, warehousing

                                                                                                        business, etc.

     – COSCO Shipping Guangzhou              RMB3,191                                                Shipping business              Shareholder Limited
        (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                   million
                                               RMB52                                                                                          liability
     – Guangzhou COSCO Guangzhou                million
        Shipping Haining                                                                             Business services              Shareholder Limited
        Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                              liability
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                               295

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

61. Material related party transactions (continued)

(a) Material connected person information (continued)

Details of the Bank’s major shareholders and their parent companies are as follows: (continued)

Company name          Registered        Issued    No. of shares  Proportion  Proportion  Business                  Relationship   Legal form  Legal
                      location       and fully     of the Bank       of the      of the                            with the Bank              representative
                                                   held by the                                                                    Limited
                                         paid                    Bank held    Company                                              liability  Zhao Bangtao
                                       capital       Company        by the      held by
                                                    75,617,340                the Bank
                                     RMB1,399                     Company
                                        million     54,721,930
– COSCO Shipping Shanghai                                        0.30%       – Shipping business, leasing Shareholder
   (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                             10,121,823
                                                                                         business, ship repairing
                                                            –
                                                                                         and building etc.
                                                            –
– COSCO Shipping Hong Kong           HKD500                      0.22%       – Leasing business, financing Shareholder            Limited Zhang Mingwen
   Investment Holdings                million               –                                                                      liability
   Co., Ltd.                                                –                            business, insurance
                                     RMB299
– Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil Guangzhou   million               –                            business etc.
   & Shipping Co., Ltd.                                     –
                                                                 0.04%       – Ship purchasing and                 Shareholder    Limited Liu Wenbao
                                                            –                                                                      liability
                                                                                         marketing business,
                                                            –
                                                                                         shipping agency, leasing

                                                                                         business, shipping

                                                                                         business etc.

CMB International Capital Hong Kong   HKD4,129                   – 100% Investment bank and Subsidiary                            Limited Wang Liang
   Holdings Corporation                  million                                                                                   liability
   Limited (CMBIC)                                                                       investment managements
                                     RMB18,000
CMB Financial Leasing Shanghai           million                 – 100% Finance lease                              Subsidiary     Limited Zhong Desheng
   Company Limited                                                                                                                 liability
   (CMBFL)                            HKD1,161
                                         million                 – 100% Banking                                    Subsidiary     Limited     Wang Liang
CMB Wing Lung Bank Hong Kong                                                                                       Subsidiary      liability  Wang Ying
   Limited (CMB WLB)                  RMB1,310                   –           55% Fund management
                                         million                                                                                  Limited
China Merchants Fund Shenzhen                                                                                                      liability
   Management Co., Ltd.               RMB5,556
   (CMFM)                                million                 –           90% Asset management                  Subsidiary     Limited     Wu Jianbin
                                        EUR100                                                                     Subsidiary      liability  Xue Fei
CMB Wealth Management Shenzhen           million                 – 100% Banking
   Co., Ltd                                                                                                                       Limited
                                       RMB500                                                                                      liability
China Merchants Europe Luxembourg        million
   S.A. (CMB Europe                                              – Note 24(vii) Asset management                   Subsidiary     Limited Wang Xiaoqing
   S.A.)                             RMB15,000                                                                                     liability
                                         million
Cigna & CMB Asset Beijing                                        – 100% Financial assets investment Subsidiary                    Limited Lei Caihua
   Management                                                                                                                      liability
   Company Limited
   (CIGNA & CMAM)

China Merchants Bank Shenzhen
   Financial Asset
   Investment Co., Ltd.

Notes:

(i)     CMG held 29.97% of the Bank indirectly (31 December 2024: 29.97%) through its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025.

(ii)    As the largest direct shareholder, CMSN, a subsidiary of CMG, holds 13.04% of the Bank as at 31 December 2025 (2024: 13.04%).

(iii)   China COSCO Shipping Corporation Ltd. holds 9.97% of the Bank through its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 (2024: 9.97%).

(iv)    The sum of the direct holding percentage of CMG’s shareholdings in the Bank and the sum of the above-mentioned relevant percentages may

        differ slightly due to rounding.

(v)     With effect from 18 December 2025, in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association, the Company shall cease to have the Board

        of Supervisors. China Communications Construction Group Limited, Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (Group), and China Insurance

        Security Fund Co., Ltd., which had previously assigned Supervisors to the bank, were major shareholders of the Bank within the past 12

        months.
296  China Merchants Bank             Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     61. Material related party transactions (continued)

     (a) Material connected person information (continued)

               The registered capital of the Group’s related parties as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

     Name of related party                                                                     RMB      2025                         2024
                                                                                               RMB
     CMG                                                                                       RMB   16,900,000,000 RMB           16,900,000,000
     CMSN                                                                                      RMB   17,000,000,000 RMB           17,000,000,000
     Shenzhen Yan Qing Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                                    RMB
     Shenzhen Chu Yuan Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                                    USD       600,000,000 RMB              600,000,000
     China Merchants Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                              USD       600,000,000 RMB              600,000,000
     Best Winner Investment Ltd.                                                               USD    8,824,000,000 RMB            7,778,000,000
     China Merchants Union (BVI) Limited                                                       RMB
     China Merchants Industry Development (Shenzhen) Ltd.                                      RMB                      1 USD                        1
     China COSCO Shipping Corporation Limited                                                  RMB              60,000 USD                   60,000
     China Ocean Shipping Co., Ltd.                                                            RMB        10,000,000 USD               10,000,000
     COSCO Shipping (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                                      RMB   11,000,000,000 RMB           11,000,000,000
     Guangzhou COSCO Shipping Haining Technology Co., Ltd.                                     HKD   16,191,351,300 RMB           16,191,351,300
     COSCO Shipping (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                       RMB    3,191,200,000 RMB            3,191,200,000
     COSCO Shipping Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.                                              HKD        52,000,000 RMB               52,000,000
     Guangzhou Tri-Dynas Oil & Shipping Co., Ltd.                                              RMB    1,398,941,000 RMB            1,398,941,000
     CMBIC                                                                                     HKD       500,000,000 HKD              500,000,000
     CMBFL                                                                                     RMB       299,020,000 RMB              299,020,000
     CMB WLB                                                                                   RMB    4,129,000,000 HKD            4,129,000,000
     CMFM                                                                                      EUR   18,000,000,000 RMB           18,000,000,000
     CMBWM                                                                                     RMB    1,160,950,575 HKD            1,160,950,575
     CMB Europe S.A.                                                                           RMB    1,310,000,000 RMB            1,310,000,000
     CIGNA & CMAM                                                                                     5,555,555,555 RMB            5,555,555,555
     CMB Investment                                                                                      100,000,000 EUR              100,000,000
                                                                                                         500,000,000 RMB              500,000,000
                                                                                                     15,000,000,000 N/A
                                                                                                                                                  N/A

     The proportion of the Bank held by the largest shareholder and the portion of the subsidiaries held by the Bank

     The Bank held by the                                                      The subsidiaries held by the Bank
     largest shareholder

                          CMSN        CMBIC             CMBFL         CMB WLB           CMFM        CMBWM CMB Europe S.A. CIGNA & CMAM CMB Investment

     No. of shares %                  HKD %             RMB %         HKD %             RMB %       RMB % EUR % RMB %                                                       RMB %

     At 1 January                                                                                                                                                           ––
      2025 3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 18,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555 90.00 100,000,000 100.00 500,000,000 note

     At 31 December
      2025 3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 18,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555 90.00 100,000,000 100.00 500,000,000 note 15,000,000,000 100.00

                           The Bank held by the                                         The subsidiaries held by the Bank
                           largest shareholder

                                CMSN             CMBIC         CMBFL           CMB WLB         CMFM                        CMBWM  CMB Europe S.A. CIGNA & CMAM

                           No. of shares %       HKD %         RMB %           HKD %           RMB %                       RMB %  EUR %                                     RMB %

     At 1 January 2024    3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 12,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555 90.00 100,000,000 100.00 500,000,000 note
     At 31 December 2024
                          3,289,470,337 13.04 4,129,000,000 100.00 18,000,000,000 100.00 1,160,950,575 100.00 1,310,000,000 55.00 5,555,555,555 90.00 100,000,000 100.00 500,000,000 note

     Note: This information is detailed in note 24(vii).

     As of 31 December 2025, other than those disclosed above, there were 87 companies that shared common
     directors, supervisors and senior management including their close family members with the Bank and they can
     control or exercise significant influence over these companies (31 December 2024: 85).
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                      297

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

61. Material related party transactions (continued)

(b) Terms and conditions for related-party transactions

The Group enters into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its banking business including
lending, investing, deposit taking, securities trading, providing agency and trust services, and off-balance sheet
transactions. In the opinion of the directors, the Group enters into such material related-party transactions under
normal commercial terms. Interest rates on loans and deposits are strictly set in accordance with the deposit and
loan interest rate management regulations published by the PBOC, and such banking transactions are priced based
on the market prices at the time of transactions:

Short-term loans                                                                 2025                  2024
Medium to long-term loans
Demand deposits                                                  3.00% to 3.10%        3.10% to 3.45%
Time deposits                                                    3.00% to 3.50%        3.10% to 4.20%
                                                                 0.05% to 0.10%        0.10% to 0.35%
                                                                 0.65% to 1.30%        0.80% to 2.75%

There were no loans and advances granted to related parties that were credit impaired during the year (2024:
None).

(c) Shareholders and their related companies

The Bank’s largest shareholder CMG and its related companies held 29.97% (2024: 29.97%) of the Bank’s shares as
at 31 December 2025 (among them 13.04% of the shares were directly held by CMSN (2024: 13.04%).

The Group’s transactions and balances with CMSN and its related companies are disclosed as follows:

On-balance sheet:                                                  2025                                2024
   – Loans and advances to customers
   – Financial investments                                       67,903                              58,843
   – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions         3,790                               7,580
   – Deposits from customers
   – Lease liabilities                                           38,788                              36,109
                                                                 62,316                              75,028
Off-balance sheet:
   – Irrevocable guarantees                                          150                                 186
   – Irrevocable letters of credit
   – Irrevocable loan commitments                                10,021                               8,748
   – Bills of acceptances                                         1,444                               1,004
                                                                  7,647                               7,489
Interest income                                                      845
Interest expense                                                  2,012                                  599
Net fee and commission income                                    (1,319)                              1,979
Operating expenses                                                   610                             (1,366)
Other net income                                                    (944)
                                                                     127                                 425
                                                                                                     (1,012)

                                                                                                         238
298  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     61. Material related party transactions (continued)

     (d) Companies that share common directors, supervisors or senior management
            with the Bank (other than those disclosed in Note 61(c)) and they can control
            or exercise significant influence over the companies

     On-balance sheet:                                                  2025       2024
        – Loans and advances to customers
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                –   8,805
        – Deposits from customers                                             1          1
                                                                      11,444
     Off-balance sheet:                                                          14,362
        – Irrevocable guarantees                                              –
        – Bills of acceptances                                                –          6
                                                                              –          3
     Interest income                                                     (424)       412
     Interest expense                                                         7     (200)
     Net fee and commission income                                    (3,550)          66
     Operating expenses                                                     12   (3,330)
     Other net income                                                                    –

     (e) Associates and joint ventures other than those disclosed in Note 61(c)

     On-balance sheet:                                                  2025       2024
        – Placements with banks and other financial institutions
        – Loans and advances to customers                             13,300     12,800
        – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                –   6,459
        – Deposits from customers                                                 1,055
        – Lease liabilities                                            1,845         658
                                                                          553            –
     Off-balance sheet:                                                       6
        – Irrevocable guarantees                                                         2
                                                                              –      775
     Interest income                                                      271         (35)
     Interest expense                                                      (31)   1,722
     Net fee and commission income                                     1,383        (197)
     Operating expenses                                                    (46)
     Other net income                                                                  16
                                                                            49
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                            299

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

61. Material related party transactions (continued)

(f) Other major shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the Bank and
       exercising significant influence over the Bank

On-balance sheet:                                                        2025          2024
   – Placements with banks and other financial institutions
   – Loans and advances to customers                                       400               –
   – Financial investments                                             46,756        46,929
   – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions
   – Deposits from customers                                               360           250
   – Lease liabilities                                                  2,508         4,439
                                                                       29,019        24,718
Off-balance sheet:
   – Irrevocable guarantees                                                  15            13
   – Irrevocable letters of credit
   – Irrevocable loan commitments                                      10,153        12,979
   – Bills of acceptances                                               3,136         4,349
                                                                        1,089         1,000
Interest income                                                         2,599         5,398
Interest expense                                                        1,525         1,455
Net fee and commission income                                             (553)         (405)
Operating expenses                                                         144           177
Other net income                                                             (8)           (2)
                                                                           762           553

(g) Subsidiaries                                                         2025          2024

          On-balance sheet                                              1,487         5,585
             – Balances with banks and other financial institutions    33,057        26,848
             – Placements with banks and other financial institutions  12,957        15,984
             – Loans and advances to customers
             – Financial investments                                    2,048         1,526
             – Deposits from banks and other financial institutions    16,293         6,552
             – Deposits from customers                                                8,100
                                                                        9,288
          Off-balance sheet                                                                  –
             – Irrevocable letters of credit                                   –             –
             – Bills of acceptances                                            –      1,434
                                                                        1,272           (120)
          Interest income                                                 (131)          591
          Interest expense                                                 597       (6,614)
          Net fee and commission income                                (6,352)           610
          Operating expenses                                               907
          Other net income

All significant balances and transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in the
consolidated financial statements.

(h) Key management personnel

Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors and executive officers.

Salaries and other emoluments                                               2025          2024
Discretionary bonuses                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000
Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes
                                                                          33,679       35,001
Total                                                                             –            –
                                                                                  –            –

                                                                          33,679       35,001
300  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     61. Material related party transactions (continued)

     (i) Annuity scheme

               Apart from the obligation for defined contributions to the annuity scheme and normal banking transactions, no
               other transactions were conducted between the Group and the annuity scheme for the years ended 31 December
               2025 and 2024.

     62. Non-controlling interests

               Non-controlling interests represent the interests that the Group does not hold in the subsidiaries, the Group does
               not have any subsidiary with significant non-controlling interests during the reporting period.

     63. Transfers of financial assets

               The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognised financial assets
               to third parties or to structured entities. In some cases, such transfers may give rise to full or partial derecognition
               of the financial assets concerned, and in other cases the transfers may not qualify for derecognition as the Group
               retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these transferred assets. As a result, the Group continues to
               recognise these transferred assets.

            Securitisation of credit assets

               The Group enters into securitisation transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers credit assets
               to special purpose trusts which in turn issue asset-backed securities to investors. The Group may acquire certain
               investments at the subordinated tranche level and accordingly, may retain parts of the risks and rewards of the
               transferred credit assets. The Group would determine whether or not to derecognise the associated credit assets by
               evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets.

               With respect to the credit assets that are securitised and qualified for derecognition, based on the criteria set out in
               Note 4(5), the Group derecognises the transferred credit assets in their entirety. During the year of 2025, the Group
               transferred loans amounting to RMB34,232 million (2024: RMB22,569 million) in securitisation arrangements, as
               well as substantially all the risks and rewards associated with the loans. The full amount of such securitised loans
               were then derecognised.

               In the cases that the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
               transferred credit assets, and for which the Group retains control, the Group recognises an asset in the consolidated
               statement of financial position to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the transferred assets, the
               remaining portion is derecognised. The extent of the Group’s continuing involvement is the extent of the risks and
               rewards exposed by the Group to the value changes of the transferred assets. For the year ended 31 December
               2025, there were nil as of new securitised credit assets in which the Group retained the continuing involvement
               (2024: Nil). The carrying amount of the continuing involvement asset and the corresponding continuing involvement
               liability, are recognised in other assets and other liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position,
               amounting to RMB5,274 million as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB5,274 million).

            Transfers of credit assets to third parties

               During the year of 2025, in addition to securitisation transactions, the Group has not transferred credit assets (2024:
               RMB8 million) to independent third parties directly. The Group determined that these transferred assets qualified
               for full derecognition, based on the criteria set out in Note 4(5), since the Group has transferred substantially all the
               risks and rewards of the transferred assets to the counterparties.

            Repurchase transactions and securities lending transactions

               Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include debt securities, discounted bills held
               by counterparties as collateral under repurchase agreements and securities lent to counterparties under securities
               lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities sold under agreements to
               repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but has an obligation to return the securities at the maturity
               of the contract. The Group determines that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and
               therefore does not derecognise them. Instead, it recognises a financial liability for cash received as collateral.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                     301

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities

          The scope of the Group’s consolidated financial statements is determined on a control basis. Control means that
          the investor has the power over the investee, enjoys variable returns by participating in the relevant activities of the
          investee, and has the ability to use the power to affect the amount of its return.

          The Group has the power over structured entities, and the other investors have no substantive rights. In the
          meantime, the Group is entitled to variable returns, and will consolidate entities, in which the Group has the right
          to affect the amount of its return.

          In addition to the above-mentioned structured entities that have been included in the Group’s consolidated financial
          statements, the Group’s interests in structured entities which is not covered by the consolidated financial statements
          is as follows:

(a) Interests in the structured entities sponsored by third parties institutions

The Group holds interests in some structured entities sponsored by third parties through investments in the units
issued by these structured entities. Such interests include investments in wealth management products, asset
management schemes, trust beneficiary rights, assets-backed securities and fund investments, and the Group does
not consolidate these structured entities. The purpose of the Group holding these structured entities is to obtain
investment income, capital appreciation or both.

The following tables set out an analysis of the balance of interests held by the Group in the structured entities
sponsored by third parties and an analysis of the line items in the consolidated statement of financial positions as at
31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024:

                                                                                   2025

                                                                 Balance

                              Financial                          Debt                      Debt
                                                                                   investments
                              investments investments
                                                                                               at
                              at                                 at                     FVTOCI                Maximum
                                                                                                               exposure
                              FVTPL amortised cost                                                    Total
                                                                                                                  76,915
Asset management schemes         9,073                           67,642               200           76,915         7,492
Trust beneficiary rights           181                            7,311                  –            7,492       48,217
Asset-backed securities            850                                                              48,217      255,474
Fund investments                                                    464            46,903          255,474
Wealth management products    255,474                                  –                 –                            880
                                   880                                 –                 –              880
Total                                                                                                           388,978
                              266,458                            75,417            47,103          388,978

                                                                                   2024

                                                                 Balance

                                 Financial                                  Debt           Debt        Total  Maximum
                              investments                           investments    investments                 exposure
                                                                                                    69,764
                                         at                                    at             at    13,105       69,764
                                     FVTPL                       amortised cost         FVTOCI      47,484       13,105
                                                                                                   334,929       47,484
Asset management schemes           596                           69,168                  –                     334,929
Trust beneficiary rights           163                           12,942                  –              432
Asset-backed securities          1,755                            1,818            43,911                            432
Fund investments              334,929                                                    –         465,714
Wealth management products         432                                 –                 –                     465,714
                                                                       –
Total
                              337,875                            83,928            43,911

The maximum exposures of investments in funds, trust beneficiary rights, asset management schemes, wealth
management products and asset-backed securities are the balance of these assets.
302  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     64. Interests in unconsolidated structured entities (continued)

     (b) Interests in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group

               The unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal-guaranteed wealth
               management products, funds and assets management schemes. The nature and purpose of these structured entities
               are to generate fees from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through
               the issuance of investment products to investors. Interest of the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities is
               limited to fees and commissions charged for management services provided.

               As at 31 December 2025, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
               sponsored by the Group was RMB2,643,750 million (31 December 2024: RMB2,470,334 million).

               As at 31 December 2025, the amount of unconsolidated funds sponsored by the Group was RMB1,413,031 million
               (31 December 2024: RMB1,320,359 million).

               As at 31 December 2025, the amount of unconsolidated asset management schemes sponsored by the Group was
               RMB245,943 million (31 December 2024: RMB299,261 million).

               As at 31 December 2025, amounts held under resale agreements transacted between the Group and the non-
               principal-guaranteed wealth management products sponsored by the Group was nil (31 December 2024: RMB18,397
               million). The above transactions were conducted in accordance with normal business terms and conditions.

               As at 31 December 2025, the amount of unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
               held by the Group was RMB3,557 million (31 December 2024: RMB2,703 million).

               As at 31 December 2025, the amount of unconsolidated funds held by the Group was RMB9,748 million (31
               December 2024: RMB9,022 million).

               During the year ended 31 December 2025, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
               non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products was RMB9,785 million (2024: RMB9,088 million).

               During the year ended 31 December 2025, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
               unconsolidated funds was RMB7,060 million (2024: RMB6,288 million).

               During the year ended 31 December 2025, the amount of fee and commission income the Group received from such
               unconsolidated asset management schemes was RMB770 million (2024: RMB637 million).

               The total amount of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products sponsored by the Group after 1 January
               2025 with a maturity date before 31 December 2025 was RMB213,494 million (2024: RMB366,222 million).

     65. Events after the reporting period

              On 13 March 2026, the Bank issued the ANNOUNCEMENT ON THE PROPOSED REDEMPTION OF THE DOMESTIC
              PREFERENCE SHARES. As considered and approved by the two directors who were delegated from the board of
               directors by authorization of the shareholders’ general meeting of the Company, and approved by the NFRA, the
               Company proposes to redeem all of the Preference Shares in full on 15 April 2026. The Company proposes to
               redeem all 275 million Domestic Preference Shares with a nominal value of RMB100 per Preference Share, totalling
               an aggregate redemption size of RMB27.5 billion.

     66. Comparative figures

               Certain comparative figures in the notes have been re-presented to conform to presentation in current year.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                             303

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

(Expressed in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)

(A) Capital adequacy ratio

The Group’s capital adequacy ratio was prepared solely in accordance with the NFRA’s Rules on Capital Management
of Commercial Banks. The bases used herein may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and
regions.

Common equity tier 1 adequacy ratio                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                                                 14.16%         14.86%

Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                                    16.51%         17.48%

Capital adequacy ratio                                                                           18.24%         19.05%

Components of capital base                                                                           25,220         25,220
Common equity tier 1:                                                                                65,404         65,548
                                                                                                   136,233        122,614
   Qualifying portion of share capital                                                             163,481        155,404
   Qualifying portion of capital reserve                                                           669,370        626,082
   Surplus reserve
   General reserve                                                                                           –              –
   Retained earnings                                                                                 21,013         41,524
   Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests                                               1,080,721      1,036,392
   Other (note (i))                                                                                  13,161         13,344
                                                                                                 1,067,560      1,023,048
Total common equity tier 1                                                                         177,457        180,446
                                                                                                 1,245,017      1,203,494
Regulatory deductions from common equity tier 1
                                                                                                             –              –
Net common equity tier 1                                                                           130,014        108,248

Additional tier 1 capital (note (ii))                                                                        –              –
                                                                                                   130,014        108,248
Net tier 1 capital
                                                                                                             –              –
Tier 2 capital:                                                                                    130,014        108,248
   Qualifying portion of tier 2 capital instruments and their premium                            1,375,031      1,311,742
   Surplus provision for impairment
   Qualifying portion of non-controlling interests

Total tier 2 capital

Regulatory deductions from common equity Tier 2 capital

Net tier 2 capital

Net capital

Total risk-weighted assets (taking into consideration the capital floor                          7,540,202      6,885,783
   requirements)

Notes:

(i)     Under the NFRA’s Rules on the Capital Management of Commercial Banks , other includes accumulated other comprehensive income, etc.

(ii)    The Group’s additional tier 1 capital includes preference shares, perpetual bonds, etc.

In 2025, in accordance with the Advanced Measurement Approach approved by former CBIRC in April 2014, the
Bank’s common equity tier 1 adequacy ratio is 13.74%, tier 1 capital adequacy ratio is 16.15%, capital adequacy
ratio is 17.95%, net capital is RMB1,220,932 million and total risk-weighted assets is RMB6,801,840 million (taking
into consideration the capital floor requirements).

In 2025, the Group’s common equity tier 1 adequacy ratio was 11.92%, tier 1 capital adequacy ratio was 13.90%,
capital adequacy ratio was 15.00%, net capital was RMB1,343,023 million and total risk-weighted assets were
RMB8,954,305 million, using the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Approach for market risk and
the Standardised Approach for operational risk in the calculations.

In 2025, the Bank’s common equity tier 1 adequacy ratio was 11.38%, tier 1 capital adequacy ratio was 13.37%,
capital adequacy ratio was 14.47%, net capital was RMB1,188,894 million and total risk-weighted assets were
RMB8,215,906 million, using the Weighted Approach for credit risk, the Standardised Approach for market risk and
the Standardised Approach for operational risk in the calculations.
304  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     (B) Leverage ratio

     In accordance with the NFRA’s Rules on Capital Management of Commercial Banks, the Group’s leverage ratio is
     shown below. The basis used herein may differ from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions.

     The difference between regulatory items and accounting items:

     1  Total consolidated assets as per published financial statements  31 Dec 2025        30 Sep 2025
                                                                           13,070,523        12,644,075
     2  Adjustment for investments in banking, financial, insurance or
                                                                                (98,297)          (90,696)
        commercial entities that are consolidated for accounting
                                                                                         –                  –
        purposes but outside the scope of regulatory consolidation               37,203            38,085

     3  Adjustment for fiduciary assets recognised on the balance sheet                98                   –
                                                                            2,559,519          2,517,096
        pursuant to the operative accounting framework but excluded
                                                                                         –                  –
        from the leverage ratio exposure measure                                      (19)               (96)

     4  Adjustments for derivative financial instruments                                 –                  –

     5  Adjustment for securities financing transactions                                 –                  –

     6  Adjustment for off-balance sheet items                                           –                  –
                                                                                (13,161)          (13,194)
     7  Adjustment for securities financing transactions                   15,555,866        15,095,270

        (ie repurchase agreements and similar secured lending)

     8  Adjustment for unsettled financial assets

     9  Adjustments for eligible cash pooling transactions

     10 Adjustments for temporary exemption of central bank reserves

        (if applicable)

     11 Adjustments for prudent valuation adjustments and specific and

        general provisions which have reduced Tier 1 capital

     12 Other adjustments

     13 Leverage ratio exposure measure
China Merchants Bank           Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                     305

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

(B) Leverage ratio (continued)

Leverage ratio, net tier 1 capital, adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets and other information:

On-balance sheet exposures                                                    31 Dec 2025         30 Sep 2025

1  On-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives and securities             13,003,558         12,767,589
                                                                                   (306,625)           (315,836)
   financing transactions (SFTs))                                                    (13,161)           (13,194)

2  Less: Specific and general provisions associated with on-balance             12,683,772         12,438,559

                      sheet exposures deducted in determining Tier 1 capital            6,873              9,478
                                                                                      48,247             46,543
3  Less: Asset amounts deducted in determining Basel III Tier 1
                                                                                              –                   –
                      capital                                                                 –                   –
                                                                                              –                   –
4  Adjusted on-balance sheet exposures (excluding derivatives                             906              1,151
                                                                                             (1)                (1)
   and SFTs)                                                                          56,025             57,171

Derivative exposures                                                                256,452              82,444
                                                                                              –                   –
5  Replacement cost associated with all derivatives transactions                                                  –
                                                                                            98                    –
   (where applicable net of eligible cash variation margin and/or                             –
                                                                                                         82,444
   with bilateral netting)                                                          256,550
                                                                                                   10,667,042
6  Add-on amounts for potential future exposure associated with all             10,765,965          (8,133,622)
                                                                                (8,190,828)
   derivatives transactions                                                                             (16,324)
                                                                                     (15,618)        2,517,096
7  Gross-up for derivatives collateral provided where deducted from              2,559,519
                                                                                                     1,241,293
   the balance sheet assets                                                      1,245,017         15,095,270
                                                                                15,555,866
8  Less: Deductions of receivables assets for cash variation margin

                      provided in derivatives transactions

9  Less: Exempted central counterparty leg of client-cleared trade

                      exposures

10 Effective notional amount of written credit derivatives

11 Less: Adjusted effective notional deductions for written credit

                      derivatives

12 Derivative exposures

Securities financing transaction exposures
13 Gross SFT assets (with no recognition of netting), after

             adjustment for sale accounting transactions
14 Less: netted amounts of cash payables and cash receivables of

                    gross SFT assets
15 Counterparty credit risk exposure for SFT assets
16 Agent transaction exposures
17 Total securities financing transaction exposures

Other off-balance sheet exposures
18 Off-balance sheet exposure at gross notional amount
19 Less: adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent

                    amounts
20 Less:Specific and general provisions associated with off-balance

                   sheet exposures deducted in determining Tier 1 capital
21 Off-balance sheet items

Capital and total exposures
22 Tier 1 capital
23 Total exposures
306  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     (B) Leverage ratio (continued)

     Leverage ratio, net tier 1 capital, adjusted on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets and other information:
     (continued)

     Leverage ratio                                                              31 Dec 2025    30 Sep 2025
     24 Leverage ratio (including the impact of any applicable                           8.00%          8.22%
                                                                                         8.00%          8.22%
                  temporary exemption of central bank reserves)                          4.00%          4.00%
     24a Leverage ratio (excluding the impact of any applicable
                                                                                       0.375%         0.375%
                  temporary exemption of central bank reserves)                        148,893        167,250
     25 National minimum leverage ratio requirement                                    256,452
     26 Applicable leverage buffers                                                                    82,444
                                                                                   15,448,307
     Disclosure of mean values                                                                   15,180,076
     27 Mean value of gross SFT assets, after adjustment for sale                  15,448,307
                                                                                                 15,180,076
                  accounting transactions and netted of amounts of associated            8.06%
                  cash payables and cash receivables                                                    8.18%
     27a Quarter-end value of gross SFT assets, after adjustment for sale                8.06%
                  accounting transactions and netted of amounts of associated                           8.18%
                  cash payables and cash receivables
     28 Total exposures (including the impact of any applicable temporary
                  exemption of central bank reserves) incorporating mean values
                  from row 27 of gross SFT assets (after adjustment for sale
                  accounting transactions and netted of amounts of associated
                  cash payables and cash receivables)
     28a Total exposures (excluding the impact of any applicable temporary
                  exemption of central bank reserves) incorporating mean values
                  from row 27 of gross SFT assets (after adjustment for sale
                  accounting transactions and netted of amounts of associated
                  cash payables and cash receivables)
     29 Basel III leverage ratio (including the impact of any
                  applicable temporary exemption of central bank reserves)
                  incorporating mean values from row 27 of gross SFT assets
                  (after adjustment for sale accounting transactions and
                  netted of amounts of associated cash payables and cash
                  receivables)
     29a Basel III leverage ratio (excluding the impact of any
                  applicable temporary exemption of central bank reserves)
                  incorporating mean values from row 27 of gross SFT assets
                  (after adjustment for sale accounting transactions and
                  netted of amounts of associated cash payables and cash
                  receivables)
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                         307

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

(C) Liquidity coverage ratio

The Group prepared and disclosed information on liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the “Measures for
the Disclosure of Information on Liquidity Coverage Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The basis used herein may differ
from those adopted in Hong Kong or other countries and regions. The average of liquidity coverage ratio of the
Group was 175.51% in the fourth quarter of 2025, an increase of 13.93 percentage points from the previous
quarter, which was mainly caused by the increase of high quality liquid assets. The liquidity coverage ratio of the
Group at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025 was 200.03%, which met the regulatory requirements in 2025. The
breakdown of the Group’s average value of each item of liquidity coverage ratio in the fourth quarter of 2025 is set
out below:

                                                                       Unweighted amount Weighted amount

Serial No.                                                             (average value)                          (average value)

Stock of high quality liquid assets

1       Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                               2,777,244

Cash outflows

2       Retail and small business customers deposits, of which:        4,591,920                                  406,956
                                                                       1,044,708                                    52,235
3       Stable deposits                                                3,547,212
                                                                       5,028,918                                  354,721
4       Less stable deposits                                           2,751,970                                1,758,074
                                                                       2,270,199
5       Unsecured wholesale funding, of which:                                                                    679,436
                                                                            6,749                               1,071,889
6       Operational deposits (excluding correspondent banks)
                                                                       2,565,883                                     6,749
7       Non-operational deposits (including all counterparties)                                                           37
                                                                         595,795
8       Unsecured debt issuance                                                    –                              716,395

9       Secured funding                                                1,970,088                                  595,795
                                                                         118,723                                            –
10 Additional requirements, of which:
                                                                       4,194,346                                  120,600
11      Cash outflows arising from derivative contract and other                                                  118,723
                                                                                                                  131,379
            transactions arising from related collateral requirements
                                                                                                                3,131,564
12      Cash outflows arising from secured debt instruments funding

13      Undrawn committed credit and liquidity facilities

14 Other contractual obligations to extend funds

15 Other contingent funding obligations

16 Total cash outflows

Cash inflows                                                             149,312                                  147,471
17 Secured lending (including reverse repo and securities borrowing)   1,186,913                                  804,503
18 Contractual inflows from fully performing loans                                                                595,012
19 Other cash inflows                                                    595,412
                                                                                                                1,546,986
20 Total cash inflows                                                  1,931,637

21 Total stock of high quality liquid assets                                                                    Adjusted value
22 Net cash outflows
23 Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                                        2,777,244
                                                                                                                       1,584,578
                                                                                                                        175.51%

Notes:

(i)     The data in the above table is a simple arithmetic average of the 92-day value for the latest quarter.

(ii)    The high quality liquid assets in the above table are prepared based on cash and the central bank reserve available under pressure conditions,

        as well as the bond in line with definition of Tier 1 and Tier 2 assets set out in the “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management of

        Commercial Banks”.
308  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     (D) Net stable funding ratio

     The Group prepared and disclosed information on Net Stable Funding Ratio in accordance with the “Measures for
     the Disclosure of Information on Net Stable Funding Ratio by Commercial Banks”. The Group’s Net Stable Funding
     Ratio at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025 was 142.02%, representing an increase of 6.04 percentage points
     as compared with the previous quarter, which was maintained basically stable. The breakdown of the Group’s Net
     Stable Fund Ratio in the last two quarters is set out below:

     31 December 2025

     Serial No.                                                         No maturity     Unweighted amount          ≥ 12 months  Weighted
                                                                                                                                  amount
                                                                                                      6 months to
                                                                                     < 6 months 12 months                       1,258,177
                                                                                                                                1,258,177
     Available stable funding (ASF) item
                                                                                                                                          –
     1   Capital                                                        1,258,177              –         –                –     4,630,164
                                                                        1,258,177              –         –                –     1,086,024
     2           Regulatory capital                                                            –         –                –     3,544,140
                                                                                  –                                             3,040,205
     3           Other capital instruments                                           2,264,568     35,640            8,278      1,374,765
                                                                        2,771,731        9,667        992              335      1,665,440
     4   Retail deposits and deposits from                              1,132,172
                                                                        1,639,559    2,254,901     34,648            7,943                –
                 Small business customer                                3,006,770    2,673,836    198,600          314,356        190,495
                                                                        2,749,530
     5           Stable deposits                                                               –         –                –       190,495
                                                                          257,240    2,673,836    198,600          314,356      9,119,041
     6           Less stable deposits                                             –
                                                                                               –         –                –       443,300
     7   Wholesale funding                                                 22,344      225,133     76,407          177,500         29,794
                                                                                                                    25,209      5,384,705
     8           Operational deposits                                      22,344      225,133     76,407                          36,753
                                                                                                                   152,291
     9           Other wholesale funding                                                                                          249,825

     10 Liabilities with matching interdependent assets                                                                         3,650,654

     11 Other liabilities                                                                                                         153,313
                                                                                                                                  971,495
     12          NSFR derivative liabilities
                                                                                                                                  715,204
     13          All other liabilities and equity not                                                                             475,978

                 included in the above categories                                                                                         –

     14          Total ASF

     Required stable funding (RSF) item

     15 Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)

     16 Deposits held at other financial institutions for

                 operational purposes                                    36,133         21,802             1                5
                                                                        165,022      2,806,438    1,600,470        4,333,418
     17 Performing loans and securities
                                                                               –       245,019              –                –
     18          Performing loans to financial institutions secured by
                                                                            207
                 Level 1 HQLA
                                                                               –
     19          Performing loans to financial institutions secured
                                                                               –
                 by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing                  –

                 loans to financial institutions                               –     754,297      155,428          58,875
                                                                        164,815
     20          Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,
                                                                               –
                 loans to retail and small business customers, and

                 loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of

                 which:                                                              1,549,469 1,352,427 2,625,168

     21          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%

                 under the Basel II standardized approach for

                 credit risk                                                         69,490       31,171             158,435
                                                                                     30,473       30,569           1,356,693
     22          Performing residential mortgages, of which:

     23          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%

                 under the Basel II standardized approach for

                 credit risk                                                          25,480      25,529           1,061,077

     24          Securities that are not in default and do not qualify               227,180      62,046             292,682
                                                                                            –           –                    –
                 as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities

     25 Assets with matching interdependent liabilities
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                          309

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

(D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)

         31 December 2025 (continued)

Serial No.                                                         No maturity      Unweighted amount          ≥ 12 months  Weighted
                                                                                                                              amount
                                                                                                  6 months to
                                                                                 < 6 months 12 months                         313,284
                                                                                                                               32,872
Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)
                                                                                                                                   446
26          Other assets                                           94,043        124,155      37,579           83,238            1,727
                                                                   38,673                                                        5,360
27          Physical traded commodities, including gold                                                                       272,879
                                                                   55,370                                                     249,682
28          Assets posted as initial margin for derivative                                                                  6,420,765
                                                                                                                             142.02%
            contracts and contributions to default funds of
                                                                                                                             Weighted
            CCPs                                                                                                      525      amount
                                                                                                                  26,936
29          NSFR derivative assets                                                                                          1,254,484
                                                                                                                   5,360    1,254,484
30          NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of                                                       55,777
                                                                                                               6,610,172              –
            variation margin posted                                                                                         4,409,673
                                                                                                                            1,022,729
31          All other assets not included in the above categories                124,155      37,579                        3,386,944
                                                                                                                            2,963,955
32 Off-balance sheet items                                                                                                  1,367,151
                                                                                                                            1,596,804
33 Total RSF
                                                                                                                                      –
34 Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)                                                                                               168,736

30 September 2025                                                                                                             168,736
                                                                                                                            8,796,848
Serial No.                                                         No maturity      Unweighted amount          ≥ 12 months
                                                                                                                              423,725
                                                                    1,254,484                     6 months to                  38,670
                                                                    1,254,484    < 6 months 12 months                       5,477,685
                                                                                                                               11,718
Available stable funding (ASF) item                                           –
                                                                    2,573,047                                                 268,875
1   Capital                                                         1,064,643              –         –                –
                                                                    1,508,404              –         –                –     3,540,637
2           Regulatory capital                                      2,807,652              –         –                –
                                                                    2,734,302                                                 166,254
3           Other capital instruments                                            2,214,898     41,562            9,337
                                                                        73,350       9,699      1,263              905
4   Retail deposits and deposits from                                         –                40,299
                                                                                 2,205,199    199,374            8,432
            Small business customer                                      3,787   2,754,352                     295,420
                                                                                                     –
5           Stable deposits                                              3,787             –  199,374                 –
                                                                                 2,754,352                     295,420
6           Less stable deposits                                        65,417                       –
                                                                      167,621              –   73,672                 –
7   Wholesale funding                                                              226,882                     153,559
                                                                              –                73,672           21,659
8           Operational deposits                                                   226,882
                                                                           136                                 131,900
9           Other wholesale funding
                                                                              –
10 Liabilities with matching interdependent assets
                                                                              –
11 Other liabilities

12          NSFR derivative liabilities

13          All other liabilities and equity not included in the

            above categories

14 Total ASF

Required stable funding (RSF) item

15 Total NSFR high-quality liquid assets (HQLA)

16 Deposits held at other financial institutions for

            operational purposes                                                    11,504             2                 –
                                                                                 2,524,993    1,647,024        4,237,255
17 Performing loans and securities
                                                                                    78,117              –                –
18          Performing loans to financial institutions secured by

            Level 1 HQLA

19          Performing loans to financial institutions secured

            by non-Level 1 HQLA and unsecured performing

            loans to financial institutions                                      685,034      238,215          45,719

20          Performing loans to non-financial corporate clients,

            loans to retail and small business customers, and

            loans to sovereigns, central banks and PSEs, of

            which:                                                               1,541,570 1,267,353 2,551,680

21          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%

            under the Basel II standardized approach for

            credit risk                                                          69,726       49,887           163,766
310  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     (D) Net stable funding ratio (continued)

     30 September 2025 (continued)

     Serial No.                                                         No maturity     Unweighted amount            ≥ 12 months  Weighted
                                                                                                                                    amount
                                                                                                      6 months to
                                                                                     < 6 months 12 months                         1,188,802

     Required stable funding (RSF) item (continued)                                                                                         –

     22          Performing residential mortgages, of which:                   –     30,367    30,478 1,365,625                     467,653
                                                                                                                                            –
     23          With a risk weight of less than or equal to 35%               –
                                                                        167,485                                                     283,721
                 under the Basel II standardized approach for                                                                        17,629
                                                                               –
                 credit risk                                             51,868             –         –                     –            608
                                                                         20,740                                                       5,064
     24          Securities that are not in default and do not qualify               189,905   110,978               274,231
                                                                         31,128             –         –                     –         4,882
                 as HQLA, including exchange-traded equities                                                                        255,538
                                                                                     104,381    37,613               111,106        245,644
     25 Assets with matching interdependent liabilities                                                                           6,469,445
                                                                                                                                   135.98%
     26 Other assets

     27          Physical traded commodities, including gold

     28          Assets posted as initial margin for derivative

                 contracts and contributions to default funds of

                 CCPs                                                                                                       716
                                                                                                                        26,723
     29          NSFR derivative assets
                                                                                                                         4,882
     30          NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction of                                                        83,667
                                                                                                                     6,396,433
                 variation margin posted

     31          All other assets not included in the above categories               104,381   37,613

     32 Off-balance sheet items

     33 Total RSF

     34 Net Stable Funding Ratio (%)

     Notes:

     (i)     The Group calculates Net Stable Funding Ratio in accordance with the “Measures for the Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks”

             and relevant statistical regulations.

     (ii)    Items to be reported in the “no maturity” time include, but are not limited to, items such as capital with perpetual maturity, non-maturity

             deposits, short positions, open maturity positions, non-HQLA equities and physical traded commodities.

     (iii)   The item 26 “Other assets” unweighted amount in the above table does not include the item 30 “NSFR derivative liabilities before deduction

             of variation margin posted”.
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                   311

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

(E) Currency concentrations other than RMB

                                                                          2025

                                                                 USD      HKD          Other     Total

                                                                 (in millions of RMB)

Non-structural position                                          812,631  223,356      78,531    1,114,518
Spot assets                                                      749,090  221,585      83,841    1,054,516
Spot liabilities                                                 709,391               41,061
Forward purchased                                                744,142   55,995      43,364      806,447
Forward written                                                            51,676                  839,182
Net option position                                               12,843   15,879       6,692
                                                                                                     35,414
Net long position                                                 41,633   21,969         (921)
                                                                                                     62,681
Net structural position                                           19,138   31,101          493
                                                                                                     50,732

                                                                          2024

                                                                 USD      HKD           Other           Total

                                                                 (in millions of RMB)  74,475    1,016,426
                                                                                       81,157      971,155
Non-structural position                                          748,358  193,593      49,354      819,128
Spot assets                                                      694,927  195,071      44,774      853,353
Spot liabilities                                                 738,325                             15,043
Forward purchased                                                794,768   31,449          661       26,089
Forward written                                                            13,811      (1,441)       50,766
Net option position                                               14,498
                                                                               (116)       100
Net long position                                                 11,486
                                                                           16,044
Net structural position                                           14,190
                                                                           36,476

The net option position is calculated using the delta equivalent approach required by the Hong Kong Monetary
Authority (the “HKMA”). The net structural position of the Group includes the structural positions of the Bank’s
branches substantially involved in foreign exchange.
312  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     (F) International claims

     The Group is principally engaged in business operations within the mainland China, and regards all claims on third
     parties outside the mainland China and claims in foreign currencies on third parties within the mainland China as
     international claims.

     International claims include loans and advances, balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions,
     holdings of trade bills, certificates of deposit and securities investment.

     International claims have been disclosed by different countries or geographical areas. A country or geographical
     area is reported where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking
     into account any risk transfers. Risk is transferred only when the claims are guaranteed by a party in country which
     is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is
     located in another country.

                                                                                    2025

                                                        Banks                         Public  Other       Total
                                                  and other                           sector
                                                                                    entities           230,399
                                                   financial                                           342,373
     Foreign currencies transactions in         institutions                         20,879   104,462  246,775
        the mainland China                                                           35,609   228,764
                                                     105,058                         29,301   189,683   75,064
     Asia Pacific excluding the mainland China         78,000                                          222,325
        – of which attributed to Hong Kong             27,791                          5,387   37,286  870,161
                                                       32,391                       142,565    26,703
     Europe                                            53,057
     North and South America                                                        204,440   397,215
                                                     268,506
     Total

                                                                                    2024

                                                                             Banks   Public   Other        Total
                                                                       and other     sector
                                                                                    entities           255,817
                                                                         financial                     326,823
     Foreign currencies transactions in                               institutions   12,623   120,710  263,252
        the mainland China                                                           31,004   216,901
                                                                         122,484     24,822   190,446   52,681
     Asia Pacific excluding the mainland China                             78,918                      223,871
        – of which attributed to Hong Kong                                 47,984      6,193   21,654  859,192
                                                                           24,834   154,054    24,865
     Europe                                                                44,952
     North and South America                                                        203,874   384,130
                                                                         271,188
     Total
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                          313

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

(G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed
      by industry sector

Operation in the mainland China

                                                                 2025                        2024

                                                                 Amount         % of gross   Amount        % of gross
                                                                                 loans and                   loans and
                                                                                  advances                   advances
                                                                                covered by                 covered by
                                                                              collateral or
                                                                            other security                collateral or
                                                                                                        other security

Manufacturing                                                    739,562    14               652,430    16
Transportation, storage and postal services
Production and supply of electric power, heat, gas               518,959    40               497,123    39

  and water                                                      390,405    33               333,400    29
Property development
Wholesale and retail                                             290,743    69               287,798    64
Leasing and commercial services
Telecommunications, software and IT services                     274,763    11               222,593    14
Construction
Finance                                                          238,521    10               186,736    14
Mining
Water, environment and public utilities management               165,130    26               124,026    34
Other
                                                                 107,096    10               105,294    14
Subtotal of corporate loans and advances
                                                                 73,610     15               89,007     14
Discounted bills
                                                                 65,091     11               49,632     15
Residential mortgage
Credit cards                                                     34,891     35               36,728     40
Micro-finance loans
Consumer loans                                                   97,591     20               88,901     23
Other
                                                                 2,996,362  27               2,673,668  28
Subtotal of retail loans and advances
                                                                 322,117    100              379,950    100
Gross amount of loans and advances to customers
                                                                 1,411,084  100              1,404,101  100

                                                                 938,993    –                947,712    –

                                                                 873,750    78               824,128    78

                                                                 426,653    –                396,161    1

                                                                 3,867      74               5,388      82

                                                                 3,654,347  57               3,577,490  57

                                                                 6,972,826  46               6,631,108  48
314  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     (G) Further analysis on loans and advances to customers analysed
           by industry sector (continued)

     Operation outside the mainland China

                                                                        2025                                   2024

                                                                      Amount       % of gross   Amount            % of gross
                                                                                    loans and                       loans and
                                                                                     advances                       advances
                                                                                   covered by                     covered by
                                                                                 collateral or
                                                                               other security                    collateral or
                                                                                                               other security

     Finance                                                          72,507               9    51,257               18
     Transportation, storage and postal services
     Property development                                             50,569               23   44,972               8
     Production and supply of electric power, heat, gas
                                                                      22,908               32   30,753               29
       and water
     Manufacturing                                                    17,624               16   9,856                8
     Telecommunications, software and IT services
     Leasing and commercial services                                  13,850               13   17,200               16
     Wholesale and retail
     Mining                                                           13,078               –    10,991               3
     Construction
     Water, environment and public utilities management               9,441                12   7,756                11
     Other
                                                                      4,733                16   5,118                10
     Subtotal of corporate loans and advances
                                                                      3,926                –    2,335                –
     Residential mortgage
     Credit cards                                                     3,520                1    2,672                1
     Micro-finance loans
     Other                                                            1,256                –    1,051                –

     Subtotal of retail loans and advances                            5,976                30   6,111                48

     Gross amount of loans and advances to customers                  219,388              15   190,072              16

                                                                      14,152         100        13,349               100

                                                                        122                –    131                  –

                                                                      1,946          100        1,315                100

                                                                      49,624               98   52,340               99

                                                                      65,844               98   67,135               99

                                                                      285,232              35   257,207              37

     When the amount of loans and advances to customers for an industry/category accounts for 10% or above of
     the total amount of loans and advances to customers, the amount of overdue loans, impaired loans and credit
     impairment allowances in each expected credit losses stage are disclosed as follows:

                                                                               2025

                                                                                                – Stage 2

                                                                                                (Lifetime ECL        – Stage 3

                                   Overdue loans     Impaired loans            – Stage 1        – not credit- (Lifetime ECL
                                    and advances      and advances      (12-month ECL)
                                                                                                impaired) – credit impaired)
                                              2,897              3,260             23,577
     Manufacturing                           12,613              7,231              3,563        2,327                3,032
     Residential mortgage                    31,079            16,373              14,115        4,652                4,813
     Credit card                             12,459            10,663              10,864       24,820               14,469
     Micro-business loan                                                                         2,834                9,519

                                                                               2024

     Manufacturing                 Overdue loans     Impaired loans            – Stage 1            – Stage 2           – Stage 3
     Residential mortgage          and advances       and advances      (12-month ECL)          (Lifetime ECL       (Lifetime ECL
     Credit card                                                                                – not credit-  – credit impaired)
     Micro-business loan                    2,312              3,250              26,950
                                           11,690              6,840              10,512            impaired)               2,889
                                           36,667            16,560               21,667                                    4,582
                                            8,032              6,538              11,223                1,544              14,985
                                                                                                        4,369               5,493
                                                                                                      20,351
                                                                                                        3,086

     As at 31 December 2025, for corporate loans and advances measured at amortised cost, the fair value of collateral
     held against impaired loans and advances is RMB5,818 million (31 December 2024: RMB5,261 million).
China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements                                                                                      315

Annual Report 2025 (H share)

(H) Loans and advances to customers overdue for more than 90
      days

(i) By geographical segments

Headquarters                                                                         2025     2024
Yangtze River Delta region
Bohai Rim region                                                                   11,692   12,621
Pearl River Delta and West Coast region                                            12,067   10,431
Northeast region
Central region                                                                      4,010    5,118
Western region                                                                     10,067    8,647
Outside the mainland China                                                                   1,280
Subsidiaries                                                                        1,466    4,361
                                                                                    4,710    3,819
Total                                                                               3,954
                                                                                                352
                                                                                       338   3,018
                                                                                    3,791
                                                                                            49,647
                                                                                   52,095

(ii) By overdue period                                                               2025     2024

          Gross amount of loans and advances to customers which have been          13,569   13,712
             overdue with respect to either principal or interest for periods of:  13,097   11,489
             – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)                                  25,429   24,446
             – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)                                 52,095   49,647
             – over 12 months
                                                                                   0.19%    0.20%
          Total                                                                    0.18%    0.17%
          As a percentage of total gross amount of loans and                       0.35%    0.35%
                                                                                   0.72%    0.72%
             advances to customers:
             – between 3 and 6 months (inclusive)
             – between 6 and 12 months (inclusive)
             – over 12 months
          Total

(iii) Collateral information

                                                                                   2025     2024

Secured portion of overdue loans and advances                                      22,625   20,453

Unsecured portion of overdue loans and advances                                    29,470   29,194

Fair value of collateral held against overdue loans and advances                   60,832   60,051

The amount of the Group’s overdue loans and advances to financial institutions for more than 90 days as at 31
December 2025 was nil (31 December 2024: Nil).

Note:  The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 90 days as required and defined by the HKMA.

       Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest is overdue.

       For loans and advances repayable by regular installments, if part of the installments is overdue, the whole amount of these loans would be
       classified as overdue.

       Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has been served on the borrower but
       repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If the loans and advances repayable on demand are outside the approved
       limit that was advised to the borrower, they were also considered as overdue.

       The collateral of the Group included cash deposit, shares, land use right, property, motor vehicles and other equipment, etc. The fair value
       of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest available external valuations adjusted by taking into account the current
       realisation experience as well as market situation.

       Where collateral values are greater than gross advances, only the amount of collateral up to the gross advance had been included in the
       “secured portion of overdue loans and advances” as set out in the above tables.
316  China Merchants Bank          Chapter VIII Financial Statements

     Annual Report 2025 (H share)

     (I) Renegotiated loans and advances to customers

                                                                      2025                         2024

                                                                      Amount  % of total  Amount         % of total
                                                                              loans and    24,826        loans and
                                                                               advances                   advances

     Renegotiated loans and advances to customers                     28,307  0.39%                          0.36%
     Less:
                                                                       8,165  0.11%        8,084         0.12%
       – Renegotiated loans and advances to customers                 20,142  0.28%       16,742         0.24%
             overdue more than 90 days

       – Renegotiated loans and advances to customers
             less than 90 days

     The Group adopts the measures for Risk Classification of Financial Assets of Commercial Banks (CBIRC PBC Order
     [2023] No.1) for its rescheduled loans and advances to customers.

     The amount of the Group’s renegotiated loans and advances to financial institutions as at 31 December 2025 was
     RMB76 million (31 December 2024: nil).

     (J) Non-bank the mainland china exposures

               The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the mainland China with its banking business primarily conducted
               in the mainland China. As of 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, most of the Bank’s exposures arose from
               businesses with the mainland China non-bank institutions or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposure by
               counterparty have been disclosed in the notes to the financial report.
We are here Just for you
