Annual Report 2024
13
Chairman ’s Statement
2024 marked a crucial year for fulfilling targets and tasks set out in the 14 th Five-Year Plan as well as an important year 
of the new journey for ICBC after its 40 th anniversary of the founding. We adhered to Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism 
with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, earnestly studied and implemented the guiding principles from the third 
plenary session of the 20 th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( “CPC” or the “Party”) and the Central 
Financial Work Conference. Following the principle of “guarding against risks, strengthening supervision, and promoting 
development ”, ICBC made solid strides in giving greater play to the political and people-oriented nature of financial 
work, taking a holistic approach to deliver, and meeting difficulties head-on and striving for achievements in reform and 
transformation.
As a valuable bank, ICBC followed the general principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability, and 
sustained efforts to grow bigger and stronger. Stability is of overall importance, and progress points to the direction. 
Over the year, we gained a deeper understanding of essentials and laws of finance, ensured both development and security, 
spared no effort to strike a dynamic balance between value creation, market position, risk control and capital constraint, 
and worked hard for a clean and healthy balance sheet as well as a balanced and sustainable income statement. The 
foundation for stability was fully consolidated. With such metrics as assets, capital, deposits and loans all maintaining 
rapid growth, ICBC remained the largest bank in the world. The superior quality was constantly improved. Net profit 
increased year on year, cost-to-income ratio remained superior, and both ROA and ROE stayed within an appropriate range. 
The resilience of strong development was further highlighted. NPL ratio was on a constant decline, while both 
allowance to NPLs and capital adequacy ratio steadily rose. The new momentum was accelerated. Such new types of 
infrastructure services as payment, settlement, clearing and custody achieved rapid growth, new business areas involving 
investment banking, wealth, asset management, and transactions grew in step with each other, businesses relating to 
emerging industries and future-oriented industries boomed, and new areas and tracks were diversified and upgraded on a 
continual basis. In addition to the interim dividend payout of about RMB51,109 million, ICBC anticipated the distribution of 
an additional final dividend of about RMB58,664 million. Calculated at average share prices around the year, our A-share 
and H-share dividend rates were 5.32% and 7.49%, respectively, contributing to stability amid market fluctuations.
As a leading bank, ICBC stayed committed to sticking to its major responsibilities and core businesses, and 
serving the real economy in a high-quality manner. As high-quality development must be pursued as a top priority 
in the new era, the financial sector cannot achieve high-quality development unless it can help advance high-quality 
development in social and economic spheres. Bearing in mind top priorities of the country, we worked tirelessly to help 
advance Chinese modernization, which is our greatest responsibility and largest opportunity, and were determined to act 
as the main force in serving the real economy, and become the ballast stone in maintaining financial stability, a bellwether 
in building strong financial institutions and a benchmark bank in fulfilling major responsibilities and core businesses. We 
took the initiative to implement existing policies to stabilize the economy as well as a raft of incremental policies, and saw 
an increase of 8.8% and 20.1%, respectively, in loans granted and bond investments, which helped support sustained 
economic recovery and growth. We put in place a work system for implementing the “Five Priorities ” of technology finance, 
green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance and digital finance. Loans invested in the manufacturing industry, strategic 
emerging industries, and green development grew by 13.7%, 16.7% and 19.1%, respectively, all topping the ranking in 
the market. To promote high-standard opening-up, we saw a surge of 41% in cross-border RMB settlement, and spoke 
favorably of China ’s economic prospect through such platforms as the BRICS Business Council, the China-Europe Business 
Council and the Belt and Road Bankers Roundtable. Furthermore, we prioritized defusing risks in real estate and other key 
areas, and instructed small and medium-sized financial institutions on technology of risk control. We strictly followed the 
principle of “active prevention, smart control and comprehensive management ” to cement the three lines of defense. As a 
result, risks in “9+X” categories were broadly controlled, and the quality of assets saw steady improvements.