Annual Report 2024
17
President ’s Statement
In the past year, confronted by complex and grave external situations, the Bank maintained growth of pursuing progress 
while ensuring stability, achieving advancement in both quality and quantity. The Bank achieved a net profit of RMB366,946 
million, edging up 0.5% year on year. The NPL ratio declined by 2 basis points to 1.34% at the end of the year. The 
allowance to NPLs gained by 0.94 percentage points to 214.91%. With the capital adequacy ratio climbing to 19.39%, 
ICBC continued to rank highly among large banks across the globe. Our A-share and H-share prices (unadjusted prices) 
soared on an annual basis by as much as 44.8% and 36.4%, respectively, demonstrating the recognition by the capital 
market.
In the past year, we adhered to the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, 
and thoroughly studied and implemented the guiding principles from the third plenary session of the 20 th National Congress 
of the CPC and the Central Financial Work Conference. ICBC made a new start after its 40 th anniversary, met difficulties 
head-on to strive hard for progress, successfully completed the main business objectives, made solid strides in the “five 
transformations ”, saw steady improvements in core competitiveness, and wrote a new chapter in high-quality development 
towards a modern bank.
In the journey, serving the real economy remained the original aspiration and mission. The Bank kept in mind 
that it should act as the main force, continued to uphold “industry” and “commerce” as its major responsibilities and core 
businesses and proactively played a major role in the transmission of monetary policy. Throughout the year, both domestic 
RMB loans and bond investments increased by RMB2.3 trillion respectively, boosting sustained economic recovery and 
growth. While pursuing a reasonable increase in quantity, we were committed to seeking improvements in quality. Triggered 
by the implementation of the “Five Priorities ” of technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance and 
digital finance, we further put the focus on promoting the integration of technological innovation and industrial innovation 
to boost new quality productive forces. Loans invested in the manufacturing industry, strategic emerging industries and 
green development increased by 13.7%, 16.7% and 19.1%, respectively, and the loan coverage ratio for Specialization, 
Refinement, Differentiation and Innovation ( “SRDI”) enterprises and “Little Giants ” rose by 3 percentage points. The Bank 
launched the campaign “Visiting 1,000 Enterprises and 10,000 Customers ”, continued to refine online products and 
services such as Quick Lending for Operation, Online Revolving Loan and digital supply chains. With these efforts, inclusive 
loans and agriculture-related loans saw an increase of 29.9% and 21.9%, respectively. To fully cater to personal customers ’ 
needs for business and consumption financing, personal consumption loans and personal business loans gained by 28.3% 
and 24.6%, respectively, which helped boost domestic demand and improve the people ’s wellbeing. The Bank availed itself 
of the opportunity arising from widespread adoption of the personal pension system to provide a package of intelligent 
service solutions, maintained a leading position in the market in terms of the number of accounts opened and the amount 
of contributions, and took concrete steps to deliver on the commitment to become a bank “By Your Side and As Your 
Trust”.
In the journey, value creation served as the long-standing main driver and stabilizer. In the “AI+” era, the Bank 
took the initiative to embrace transformations, and worked hard to accelerate innovation of modes and reshaping of value 
in a forward-looking approach to relieve increasingly diminished traditional drivers of growth against the backdrop of 
narrowing interest margin. We took the lead in launching a hundreds of billion-level AI model technology system on finance 
to enable more than 20 types of business operations and 200 scenarios, which brought about a marked improvement in 
speed, quality and efficiency of service. The relevant project won the PBC ’s first prize in FinTech Development Award. In 
2024, the Bank ’s FinTech spending represented 3.63% of its operating income, and FinTech personnel accounted for 8.6% 
of the headcount of the Bank. To underscore modern finance, we were the first to introduce the service solution program 
for financial infrastructure customers, including exchanges and payment systems, moved faster to launch new services 
for financial infrastructure such as clearing, settlement, payment and custody, and continued to enrich the connotation 
of financial cooperation. We established a headquarters for free trade (FT) sub-accounting unit to pool the resources of 
branches in domestic free trade zones, foster synergy to build up our strength in offshore finance, and facilitate the RMB 
internationalization development in a stable, prudent and solid way. With focus on net operating income and EVA, we 
streamlined the evaluation system to alleviate burdens on primary-level organizations, created a stronger synergy through 
sharing responsibilities between horizontal and vertical relationships to march faster towards the goal of becoming a value 
creator and a modern bank.