Annual Report 2024
15
Chairman ’s Statement
At present, changes never seen in a century are evolving at a faster pace, and challenges stemming from uncertainties 
in the external environment are mounting. Against this backdrop, it is more necessary to view the Bank ’s prospects in a 
comprehensive, dialectical and long-range manner. It is important to see the general trend. The long-term positive 
trend of the Chinese economy, an integral part of the global economy, has not changed and will not change. Despite grave 
and complicated situations last year, the Chinese economy sustains the momentum of recovery and growth, and shows 
enormous resilience. This is the biggest foundation and strongest support for the high-quality development of ICBC. It is 
important to capitalize on the momentum. While growth in China ’s banking sector is experiencing short-term volatility 
from a global perspective, high-quality development is carrying forward energetically, driven by the integration of sci-tech 
innovation and industrial innovation. A steady rise in ICBC ’s net profit last year is attributable to structural improvements 
in its traditional businesses, and solid strides in new types of business, in particular, innovative applications of FinTech, 
which created more and stronger new drivers of growth. It is important to bear in mind the tendency. In the context of 
China’s banking sector, development is the foundation, risk control provides guarantee, opportunities are analogous to key 
conditions, and marching forward courageously never falters. Over more than four decades, ICBC has withstood numerous 
challenges and tests to gain strength. No matter how situations will evolve and what difficulty will arise, we firmly believe 
that ICBC, a world-class and modern financial institution with Chinese characteristics, will cleave the waves and march 
forward steadfastly.
Let’s brave the wind and waves to strive hard for splendid prospects. 2025 marks the last year for implementing the 
14th Five-Year Plan. ICBC will adhere to Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, and 
fully and faithfully apply the new development philosophy on all fronts. ICBC will embark on a new journey, as an industry 
leader, to pursue balancing and tackle challenges, adhere to the guidance of the Party building theory and push ahead 
with the “five transformations ”, work hard for effective improvements in quality, reasonable growth in quantity, targeted 
risk prevention and control, and strict observance of rules and regulations, and stay committed to the path of financial 
development with Chinese characteristics, so as to contribute to a successful conclusion of the 14 th Five-Year Plan and make 
unremitting efforts to build a strong financial country and advance Chinese modernization.
Chairman: Liao Lin
28 March 2025