14
Annual Report 2024
Chairman ’s Statement
As a modernized bank, ICBC attached importance to upholding fundamental principles and breaking new 
ground, and stayed committed to advancing reform and transformation. ICBC was established in response to the 
national reform policy, has thrived in reform, and is bound to gain strength in reform. As we pushed ahead with the “five 
transformations ” of intelligent risk control, modern layout, digital driver, diversified structure and ecological foundation, 
sustained progress was made in value creation, market competitiveness, market influence, and capacity for risk management 
and control. Intelligent risk control became more effective. We launched the main functions of the enterprise-level 
intelligent risk control platform, worked to improve the working mechanisms of the Risk Management and Internal Control 
Committee, and risk officer, and continued to improve our enterprise risk management system. The modern layout was 
better-aligned. ICBC took the lead in establishing a headquarters for the Free Trade Zone program in Shanghai, was the 
first China ’s banking institution to release the service program for financial infrastructure, and made an all-out effort to help 
develop new quality productive forces in line with local conditions. The digital driver was substantially enhanced. With 
focus on tackling core technological challenges, ICBC pushed ahead with the D-ICBC initiative. The number of monthly 
active mobile banking customers topped 260 million, and more than 200 independent application scenarios for a hundreds 
of billion-level AI model technology system were built. The diversified structure saw continuous improvements. The 
share of micro customers, the proportion of new “retail + inclusive ” loans, and profit contribution degrees of overseas 
institutions and major domestic subsidiaries all increased over the previous year. The ecological foundation was further 
consolidated. With the implementation of “GBC+” projects, the number of personal customers and corporate customers 
climbed to more than 760 million and 13.00 million, respectively.
As a bank satisfactory to the people, ICBC stayed committed to serving the people with finance and further 
polished our brand image. Customers are the foundation of development, and financial work is aimed at meeting the 
people’s aspiration for a better life. We continued to upgrade and improve our service system, and handled with keen 
attention and care all matters, significant and minor, in an aim to consistently serve our customers and win their trust. 
We coordinated efforts to promote digital finance development and widen channels in rural areas, and took the lead in 
improving payment facilitation to make services more inclusive and widely available. With these efforts, inclusive loan 
customers surged 42% from the beginning of the year, agriculture-related loans increased by 22% compared with the 
beginning of the year, growth for customers at the county level outperformed the Bank ’s average level, and newly-opened 
personal pension accounts soared 187%. Personal consumption loans and personal business loans increased by 28.3% and 
24.6% as compared to the beginning of the year, respectively, to help boost domestic demand. We lowered interest rates 
on existing mortgage loans in a timely manner, benefiting 11.00 million households. Efforts were beefed up to promote the 
financial consumer protection, bringing about a steady improvement in customer satisfaction. Public-benefit programs were 
launched actively. The Bank set up 15 thousand “ICBC Sharing Stations ” to deepen services benefiting the people, and 
continued to play the enabling role of finance in improving the people ’s wellbeing.
As a clean bank, ICBC reinforced the Party building and took on a new look. ICBC is born with the red gene and 
continues to pass it down. We have adhered to the Party ’s overall leadership, earnestly made rectifications following the 
disciplinary inspection by the CPC Central Committee, improved the long-term mechanism of “strengthening the soul 
through learning, enhancing wisdom through learning, rectifying conduct through learning and promoting action through 
learning”, firmly advocated “establishing Comrade Xi Jinping ’s core position on the Party Central Committee and in the 
Party as a whole and establishing the guiding role of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a 
New Era ”, and faithfully “upheld Comrade Xi Jinping ’s core position on the Party Central Committee and in the Party 
as a whole and upheld the Central Committee ’s authority and its centralized, unified leadership ”. We took solid steps 
to conduct Party discipline learning and education, and promoted full and strict governance over the Party and over the 
Bank in a deep-going way. We amended and improved the corporate governance system, adjusted departments and their 
management functions in the Head Office, rolled out the “subsidiary-specific policy ” to enhance administration, optimized 
the internal control mechanism, worked to cultivate and carry forward financial culture with Chinese characteristics, and 
made corporate governance more effective.